It is said that Dickens was Scrooge, and that Dostoyevsky was old Fyodor Karamazov. I'm sure there is some truth to that. Some authors model their characters after people they have known, but I believe that most of us dredge them out of our own secret psyches. Dostoyevsky was Ivan, Dmitri, and Alyosha too—and most certainly the axe-murderer Raskolnikov. As that great author shows, people are deep wells springing from, and containing, many complex and contradictory currents. We hardly know what is half-formed inside of our minds, but I believe that every one of my characters is a part of myself—either what I am or what I want to be. In my dream life, I can be clever, thoughtful, and resourceful like Zan. And sometimes I am angry, bitter, depressed and violent like Dael—or awkward and "different" like Chul. (I hate that word, "different.") (Dwayne: I'll react to that - I totally admire Chul!)
Sharing Resources:
I hope you enjoy the article. If you, please pass the link along. I can earn a little money from this new endeavor, but only if people read what I’m writing. I’m going to get more pictures up later today, so stay tuned.
I've gone back and forth on all of this. I haven't called anyone in my family yet to share the news, because I just don't want to have to tell the story more than once. And I do better processing information when I write it down. I don't want to upset anyone with the details or what-if's, but I've decided to share because it can go a number of ways, and I want it to go only one way.
But is now fully ready to put it all behind,
After our flight in we pretty much went straight to Gott's for Ahi tuna burgers, sweet potato fries and pumpkin shakes (what bridesmaids dress??)
We hitched up our team of horses last week and went for a ride. Just hear those sleigh bells ringalin .....only we didn't have any bells. Just snow.
“Can you believe that Melissa is graduating from high school in June? I’m so glad you will be flying to Chicago to be here with us.”
Makes about 3 ½ cups of sauce.
It has a lively arts scene. It is sprouting high quality, but moderately priced restaurants. And it has the best fried chicken sandwiches anywhere. At a corner hole-in-the-wall called Bakesale Betty's (which doesn't even have a sign) people, including me, stand in line for up to 30 minutes on a Saturday afternoon to get a $9 chicken sandwich.
JESUS!!!!!
Ms. Noel is seeking $50 million in damages.
*Read at least 4 books this year. I know this is pitiful...
After considerable debate, the Iredell County Commissioners voted last month to raise the property tax rate from .445 to .485. This increase was made necessary, to a great extent, by the 2011 property revaluation which, overall, decreased the cumulative value of property in the county and with it, the amount of taxes collected on that property. The North Carolina Association of County Commissioners (NCACC) reported that Iredell County now has the 21st lowest tax rate among North Carolina’s 100 counties, up from 17th in 2010.
Does anyone have any comments/reviews on this gear? I’ll provide my own thoughts as soon as I crack em’ open.
Gary Direnfeld, MSW, RSW, is an expert on child development, parent-child relations, marital and family therapy, custody and access recommendations and social work. He is the author of Raising Kids Without Raising Cane, hosts a reality TV series “Newlywed, Nearly Dead” and is a columnist with the Hamilton Spectator on parenting matters. www.yoursocialworker.com
Along the way, Alex struggles through a landscape transformed by more than a foot of ash. The disaster brings out the best and worst in people desperate for food, clean water, and shelter. When an escaped convict injures Alex, he searches for a sheltered place where he can wait--to heal or to die. Instead, he finds Darla. Together, they fight to achieve a nearly impossible goal: surviving the supervolcano.
She does many many fantastic things, all while struggling threw her own daily pain. She is an amazing women, an amazing mother, an amazing babysitter, and an amazing friend. She is definitely a part of our village.
"I have to go now," I said. "Bye."
I am curious..where would you go if you could go anywhere? Anywhere.
And if you happen to find something you like use coupon code Blog15 to save 15 percent on your purchase at checkout. Available to blog followers.
1 century
-I mowed the lawn two days ago.
I always come up with kitchy lil’ names for my yearly b’earthday celebrations…and this year, I jokingly called it my “Thirty-Sexy” birthday. As most of you who follow my posts know – I haven’t felt very sexy about this New Body. And until fairly recently, I was having a very hard time accepting this new form.
* How long did it take you from initial inspiration to finally achieving the publication deal?
You'll taste delicious hors d'oeuvres, sip cocktails, browse wedding invitations and floral arrangements and of course enjoy some wedding cake!
The Bluebells - Come Along
Ironically enough this tatty 1960s block replaced a previous Greek Thomson effort on the same site. To be fair, the Thomson building wasn’t one of his greatest, and the concrete office block was a handsome building in its time. My fascination with this store started when I found out how long it had been trading. It was like the retail equivalent of the brush that’s had three new heads and two new handles. Think about it; the business has been operating here longer than the actual building it’s in. It’s changed ownership too, several times. But until last week it was still in the same place selling groceries where it had been for 130 years.
Thanks to Final Conflict for drawing attention to this campaign. At the above link is an electronic petition in defence of marriage, and against the outlawing of the terms Husband and Wife - I kid you not, the Government seek to erase these words from the English language. Take a moment to sign the petition and let the Establishment know that they do not have the support of the people, and that we will not allow our most sacred institutions to be spat by perverts 'and' politicians.
Modern Boy, the informant, comes to tattle on his brother for taking a toy from him. It’s a toy that Modern Boy has cast aside and long forgotten, but now that his little brother has an interest in it, it is the coolest thing on Earth, bar none. He simply must have it, and he’s throwing a full on fit for not getting it. I gesture at him to be quiet and go away, also gesturing a reminder that mommy is on the phone.
Overall Height: a petite 5.5"
06. To a poet 5:44
On Thursday, both sides argued the issue before the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals, which is expected to issue an opinion in the near
Remember, LOVE is NOT JUST FOR VALENTINE'S DAY!!!
A bunch of very angry, very powerful people who ran the local religious establishment started meeting in smoke-filled back rooms after that night, determined to take Jesus down.
1/2 c fresh cilantro leaves, chopped
Therefore, they are equally true, though being received and interpreted through human instruments equally imperfect.”
For now we wish you all the very best in 2012 and we look forward to another wonderful year, sharing stories and experiences between felines and their humans.
Must say he's not winning any awards for his speech.
encouraged me to assume all was well, since there were no apparent
first up is January and focusing on vitality: boosting my energy.
All in all, it’s been a productive week despite the weather. I ‘ll most likely spend a good few hours on the plot again tomorrow, make the most of the weekend. Hope you all enjoy the bank holiday weekend.
"Think I'd better get going" He slurs.
This is a thing that drives me nuts about 'progressives'. This obsession with posturing over governing, with symbolic gestures over practical impact. There are legitimate complaints about the President's record on LGBT rights (e.g., not issuing an executive order mandating non-discrimination by Federal contractors); there is also the perspective that the President has done more for LGBT rights than any previous president, while Romney has committed to aggressively moving things backwards. When the conversation is about what he says about an issue that is largely out of his control, both of these points are lost.
I am the way, the truth, and the life Jn. 14:6
Feminine or masculine – that is how you are strong. There is no miracle cure, no endgame where you finally have strength. You are just grounded in who you are and, as a result, nothing can shake or deter you. But, I think most people are afraid to do so because they either don’t know how to open up to the people in life that matter most (family) or they don’t want to see what is behind the facade. I say facade because people can appear strong on the surface, but in fact are weak and plagued with insecurities. Men or women. Sometimes the ‘b*ch’ women that seem to have it together are the ones clinging the most desperately for approval from others. Sometimes the ‘tough’ men that look like they could beat anyone up are the ones most afraid of being hurt.
So, I know I have been MIA again... but I promise, I am going to post a few things today. This summer has just flown by!~
Each mission also has a fountain in the front or in the courtyard. If there is water in it, you will want to use a polarizer to decrease the glare. If you do not have a polarizer, try to position yourself so that you do not have a bright spot in the water. Many of the fountains have lilly pads and flowers. These are also good for close-up shots. If there is no water, I try to get down low and make a bigger landscape shot. There are many options in the courtyards. We have seen fountains, gardens, graveyards, crosses, bells, and other subjects. Make sure to make big and small shots.
Cue Twilight Zone theme.
Brooklyn Beer Tours will be given every Saturday this summer from June 6 to September 26. Hosted by Urban Oyster, the tour will explore the rise and fall and rise again of the beer brewing industry and how it tells a larger story about the neighborhood of Williamsburg, the borough of Brooklyn, and even the country as a whole.
says he knows nothing about it.
The Odds by Steward O’Nan
Publisher: Walker & Company
For each letter I will be providing several downloadable resources plus a letter planner page. You can find these resources at Spell Outloud’s HSPrintables.
I doubt I have to recap for any of you all out there what a true miracle this was. Three clomid cycles. Five IUI cycles. Four IVF cycles. Twelve negative attempts at a minimum. And suddenly, the biggest surprise of our lives. Something we never saw coming.
Funny guy. It was nice to break out the psych skills again, and thank goodness she didn't really get riled up and try to get out of bed or something. So it worked out all right.
This is my friends little boy's birthday, sorry the light is not great, so my sentiment is a bit lost on the bottom - This was the best pic I could get :-s
Children, regardless of age, need to be taught that their actions and words can have a profound effect on other children—in both a positive and negative way. Who is responsible for teaching this crucial bit of Humanity 101? Adults. Adults must take the reigns here and lead the way. They must take a stand, reach out, make themselves uncomfortable if need be, step out on the limb and change lives. Actually, save lives.
1952-53 Tales of Tomorrow (writer) Episodes: "The Glacier Giant" (5 December 1952): "Mr. Fish" aka "The Discovered Heart": (16 January 1953): “Two Faced” (30 January 1953): "The Evil Within" (1 May 1953 - brief appearance by James Dean)
Leaving my heart with no strings and leaving my name etched in mud.
So its finally Friday and my HELL week is officially over. Technically it was last night at say 6:58, when I promptly ended my speech , sat down, and had to suffer through approximately 14 other people do their speeches.
The WSJ is naively benevolent in its assessment of British intentions and protestations of opposition to coercive population control.
Editor: “This isn’t really Vroom Vroom! – I mean Zoom Zoom! then.”
Next, I used a card from the Silhouette America Store. I resized it and then I used papers from the Authentique Journey collection. Used my copics again for the coloring.
to manufacture
“Used To Be Sweet”
“Oh, yes doctor.”
I will be crafting again in a week or so ... but in the meantime you can see Georgettes winning performance ..
For the first time, I've been feeling like writing a summing-up-looking-forward post about 2011 and 2012, so here it is, in brief bullet-point form (because bullet-points make things both important and impressive)
Chris Hemsworth as Thor - Kinda good acting, but. but. BUT, what’s up with the character development? Like really, one moment he is superdeeduper arrogant then after 5 minutes, he’s Hanna Montana with all rainbows and butterflies. He’s sooo sweet. How did that happened? And don’t even say love, I’m not buying that as an excuse. I know he’s supposed to change but the transition is not done flawlessly. It’s so fast even without hitting a fast forward button. Tsk.
Finally, it was time for my favorite ride, the Haunted Mansion. Keith and I were able to get away for a bit for this. About halfway through, in the cemetery, the ride stopped! And stayed stopped for about 10 minutes or so. Not a big deal to me, since it was the first quiet moment I had had in awhile! ;)
Steiermärker (c.1850)
The other cast includes: Dr. Nina Portman, the greedy scientist who can’t but keep a secret for the country and sells her soul to the devil (read: Russians); Dr. Stephen Wilson of NOAA, the one to begin the experiment in the first place, and a bunch of Russians (Alexander Kofman, Andrei Yavlinsky, Vladimir Ivanov, Sergi Nemstor, etc.) who complete the picture in a splendid way.
And just so you don't think I'm only spewing the obvious stuff here's the odd ball pick of the day
Just for the record, I'm not being flippant here. This beer really does feel fresh, it does feel authentic, it absolutely does feel unmolested by undesirable man-made potions, and in some small way (to lend some small credence to the issue of morality) it did leave me with an odd sense that I was 'doing the right thing.'
blonde, blonde hair a la kasia struss. a combination of impending summer and itchy feet has left me craving a big change and dying my hair blonde. I'd really love to have the same caramel colour as when I was younger, before my eyebrows darkened and became two large giveaway barriers.
This year, I'm pretty sure Peach is just playing along with The Santa Thing for Olive's (and my) sake. Thankfully, she's still wanting actual "toys," not just clothes, or, for heaven's sake, MONEY. In a nutshell, she's after various medical-, detective-, and fashion design-type items, plus two very elusive Barbies. There's always something, right?
Can you see wabi sabi in you? Your perfect imperfection? Can you see how it makes you unique? How your flaws make you beautiful?
Over the pond in the UK the Brits, who had been very unbothered to the point of being negative about the Games up until then, went mad, celebrating in the fountains in Trafalgar Square and generally being very gleeful about the whole thing.
I tell myself it’s probably a guinea fowl, a dove or a cat.
Ok now on to the "funny story" that I had mentioned earlier in this post. Well, the ladies at RASC were throwing a little raffle. And for some reason, I felt that I was gonna be a lucky little gal that night. So at 8pm, they draw out 3 names from a jar...and lo & behold, the 2nd name they call out is me!!! Yippee!!! So I get up to grab my prize, which is all wrapped up in white with ribbon. I knew it was a book, but why I didn't put "two & two" together to realize that I had won the NEW book, "Shabby Chic Inspirations," - I won't really know...a little too much bubbly, perhaps? Nah, I didn't even have half a paper cups worth! lol
Basil Copper – The Flabby Men
(And let's pre-empt this right now. No, Mom. I'm not going to start gambling with real money and bankrupt myself and J. Because, yes, I know that is WRONG. Plus, it's FAKE money, not REAL.)
At the young age of six, I was whisked away, along with my eight-year-old sister to start a new life in Albuquerque with my dad. Dad didn't want the divorce and he was gonna be damned if my mom was going to take away his daughters.
Hue Restaurant
By the way, here are some inspiration shots. If my kitchen could look like any of these, I'll be a very happy girl!
Instead of sewing, I have been keeping up with both of the 52 week photo challenges I started this year. Although I don't have a ton of time to take pictures, I haven't fallen behind (keeping my fingers crossed). Here are a few of my favorites so far...
I want to thank both Peter and Claire for suggestions of manuals and comparable machines. I actually tracked down a teensy bit of information about Domestic sewing machines here, and they have three different manuals. This is the one closest to my machine, although I think it’s a slightly newer (or perhaps just more expensive) version than mine as it has a tension dial rather than lever, and a slightly more advanced-looking stitch length mechanism. There’s no date on the manual, but the font looks sort of 50s to me (I know, so precise). I’m guessing late 40s or 50s for this machine—I’d be surprised if it was as late as 60s (but then, they were still making Featherweights through the 60s). Vintage aficionados care to weigh in?
There are many moving parts that must all come together in a very harmonized fashion in order for your food to be delivered to you in less than 2 minutes. There must be constant communication between each of the stations relaying what their needs are and what each team member can do. Without a flawless communication system, the whole train would slow down, leading to decreased efficiency.
Guinsoo: Yeah, and he wiretaps our phones.
ACC LTD – Bse code – 500410 – last close – 1246.6 – SELL – 1289.6 – SL – 1312.4 – for TG1 Rs. 1235.3 and for TG2 Rs. 1175.8 – stock opened at Rs. 1238 hit intraday low Rs. 1199.1 hit intraday high Rs. 1240 stock was during trading down -3.9 % from previous close and closed at Rs 1225.5
The Education and Workforce Committee has no action on Hunter’s bill planned at this time, according to committee spokesman Brian Newell.
We tried to figure out the auto-timer.
What's your favorite bookstore? Have you been to any cool ones like The Strand?
At least six Catholic parishes in Washington state have ignored the Seattle Archbishop’s call to gather signatures for a referendum repealing the state’s recently-enacted marriage equality law, calling the effort “hurtful and seriously divisive in our community.” “Seattle’s Our Lady of the Lake Catholic Church gave the Rev. Tim Clark a standing ovation Sunday” when he announced that the parish would not be participating in the anti-equality effort:
1. Henrik Rubin (FL) 35; 2. Lee Hammerschmidt (BH) 38; 3. KEvin Crowell (FL) 39; 4. Colin McCree (FL) 41; 5. Matt Rosenberg (BH) 45; 6. Alec Ifshin (BH) 47; 7t. Frank Gaudio (BH) 48; 7t. Dillon Glascogt (FL) 48; 9. Brendan McCree (FL) 50; 10. Ross Erhlich (BH) 53.
Actor – Golden Girls, Meatout cosponsor
Wow! Mind-blowing information… Hmm, well I can give you a sneak peek at Book 2, Gallows at Twilight, if you like. So, next January you can expect –
Drew Rosenhaus said he is still in talks with the Panthers about veteran tight end Jeremy Shockey, although Rosenhaus believes Shockey likely will land elsewhere.
yet clinging
In the last few days he has cut his 2 bottom teeth, let go of the island and took a step toward me and learned the B sound.
Every so often, Declan will post an 'advertisement' for one of his books. That's great. It's only his blog, like, but he's subtly excusing his own intrusion onto it. But take today as a snapshot. I scroll down his blog and he's got a post about Stuart Neville, then Lee Child, then his own Irish Book Award nominated novel Absolute Zero Cool, an interview with some tube and a post about Colin Bateman's excellent Starkey series. Five posts in five days and only one of them about his own novel. Me? Bar a great interview with Nigel Bird (who isn't one wee bit Irish, BTW), my last five posts have been all about The Point and I haven't even posted those daily.
I am constantly asking, “how I can get to know my students as individuals?”
We had a great relationship one that I will always keep in my heart. She was, is, and will always be my first true love and maybe my only love because she’s still the only one I want, the only one I am willing to grow old with. We shared a bond and a fire that will never be duplicated or replaced. If she called me today or even ten years from now I know I would run to her wherever she may be.
Sat 9/27 Providence, RI Lupo's
Which still are unreproved, if undesired.
Swap from Switzerland!
Dropped by Old World Brewery after work yesterday and managed to keep to my one beer promise and get back to Beer Rant HQ before sundown, which is nice. I didn’t try the anniversary ale, though I’d planned to originally, I just can’t keep away from that Dark Knight Porter of theirs and dang if I ain’t glad I did this time.
I so wanted the Mary Konior's book Tatting in Lace. But wow...just not in my budget! So, I borrowed the book threw Interlibrary Loan. I found that the book was at the Independence, Mo. library. I went to my local library, filled out a form AND 3 weeks later I HAD THE BOOK! It came to my home town library and I had the book for 3 wonderful weeks! But, all good things must come to and end. I have been blessed
Have a wonderful weekend friends!
"The governor knew about Victory Strategies from the very beginning," Chase said. "They all worked on it together. … They saw it as a way to save money."Jennifer Rubin points out that Crist is certain to find out that he's the wrong candidate at the wrong time:
6+: Goldnight redeemer(W), Voice of province(W), Havengul skaab(U)
I’m flying without wings now, I always sing
I know plenty about writer's block, but this is different. Its more like "writer's drunk" in that my metaphorical speech is slurred and things are a wee bit blurry. Have you ever had writer's drunk? Did you pitch out the work and start fresh, or go back and sort it all out?
If the British public ever paused to take notice of anything other than the X-Factor, this week’s Soap operas or the latest developments in the unappetising saga of Tiger and the three skanks, (UPDATE: Make that eleven skanks) they might notice that some very troubling events are taking place amongst our allies across the channel, and indeed elsewhere.
"Janine................ What have you done to your HAIR"??????
Starring: Jamie Bell, Andy Serkis, Daniel Craig
Little Fockers Set Visit
It’s your job to Love your child, and to Learn from your child. It’s your job to go into each day with an open mind and heart, trusting in the fact that you may not know where the day will end up, but that you began it from that magnificent place that is a child’s curiosity.
The crowd went silent except for one drunk fool. “We didn’t bring a club to a gun fight,” he said chuckling.
I last saw The Horrors supporting the mighty Primal Scream at the Eden Project and, as good as they were there in the sunlight, they were even better here in the darkness where they seemed more at home. Playing all the best songs from Primary Colours and Skying they created an immense wave of psychedelic noise and Goth atmospherics, with Faris far more ( re- ) animated than last time, a striking and commanding frontman, stalking the stage, scaring the little girls in the front row. I was half hoping that Florence might have joined them to duet on Still Life like she did at the NME Awards, but sadly it didn't happen. Never mind, after a fantastic set they left us with an awesome version of Sea Within A Sea - worth the price of admission by itself.
Nice, deep smell. Not terribly bready like I'd expect, but deep ad not hoppy. Slightly fizzy smell to it. Tan head didn't stick around too long, but didn't disappear immediately, either.
But it was the sense of history that amazed me; and Berlin is still a city where the leaves of history lie about in the streets like an untidy autumn. It was inconceivable to me then that one day I'd stand in a reunified city and look back at that first visit as another of those leaves of history, any more than I could really conceive of being over fifty. But I found there the visible and obvious relics of the Third Reich, whose traces had been tidied away in the Wirtschaftswundery Federal Republic which had been Germany for me, up till that week. There were bullet marks still on the buildings - actually, they're still not hard to find, but then the buildings were dirty, and, in the East, often ruinous, as if I'd found myself suddenly in 1946. The Lutheran Cathedral in the city centre was open to visitors but you couldn't go into the main part of the building because it was dangerous. Rubble lay all over the floor, as if in the immediate aftermath of a bombing raid. In the West, of course, the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church tower stood at the top of the Kurfürstendamm, blackened and ruined by the air-raid I was to describe years later in Saving Rafael. But there had been much rebuilding there. Money was poured into West Berlin.
1 cup whole wheat flour
Their conclusion:
“I-I can’t Jack, I c-can’t get up,” I cry looking up at him, trying to reason with him with my eyes. Trying to find some part of the old Jack in them, the one I fell in love with.
Ah yes, the ambitions. “Kya zarurat hai aur aage padhneki? Tu chup chaap kitchen ka kaam sikh warna sasuraal ke taane khaane padege hume; sun-na padega ki maa ne kuch sikhaya nahi.” Which translates to ‘What’s the need of studying furthermore? Just shut up and learn the kitchen work otherwise we’ll have to endure the taunts of your in-laws, they’ll say that the mother has taught you nothing”. Yeah, I agree that kitchen work and household chores are to be learnt. BUT NOT BY WOMEN ALONE. NOT WHEN THERE’S AN EQUALLY AGED BROTHER IN THE HOUSE SITTING AND CHUCKLING AT THE PLIGHT OF HIS SISTER WATCHING TELEVISION AND EATING CHEETOS. I’m a pretty good chef myself and I feel insanely lucky to be brought up in a house where such nonsense doesn’t occur. Would it, I’m pretty sure I wouldn’t let it last for long. I can go on and on about this stupid practice that’s common in households, even valid at times cause the girls are plain lazy at times; but the way its said. But the way they indicate that your future lies as a housewife, cleaning, mopping cooking… Fuck you. Fuck you all. And what on earth do you mean by “Kya zaroorat hai?” You bunch of dimwitted gits! And I bellow fire.
dearest readers, oh how i regret my absence and i do apologize for it.
In Layers, I have written a story that starts out slowly. It is about a girl around 12 years of age. She and her friend find a mysterious book. It is a book that changes both of their lives forever. The story at first makes you think it is about each girl becoming a woman. Later you find that what is happening is not what you thought. This book is a celebration of women. I will probably never be able to achieve in another book what I have in Layers. It comes from my heart and aims to reach the hearts of women in all walks of life. If I could choose only one book to have while stranded on a desert island – other than Dandelion Wine – I'd choose Layers.
Apologetics does not however undermine the value of Faith in salvation.Many people who oppose Apologetics may say things like “the Word of God does not need to be defended!” But which of the world’s books are the word of God? As soon as someone answers that, he or she is doing apologetics.
I'm transferring my latest Porter from secondary fermentation to kegs, today. I'll force-carbonate one of them when it's chilled enough. I may have a glass of Porter to drink by tomorrow evening!
and move to another square,
Tita Maggie’s voice startled during the brief phone conversation. After the call, she broke down. The news sucked the air out of my brain: Manny and Butch’s father, the great Don Hilario Ziálcita y Legarda of the Academia Filipina de la Lengua Española (RAE), was dead. He was to turn 98 this year.
Do you keep all your letters?
Look on line and there it is, oh precious perl of academia.
With that under my belt I arrived at school on Wednesday to discover that the Olympic Torch Relay fundraiser that I thought was the following week wasn’t. A quick duck home to collect my gear and I was running laps of the grass playing field with primary school children. 7 laps equalled a mile so whatever I did had to be in multiples of 7. It was hard enough remembering how many laps I’d done of the running track the other week without having wee voices asking “How many laps have you done Mrs Hollis?” Running on grass is not my favourite,no matter how forgiving it is on the knees. It is a strength zapper. I wasn’t timing myself, but I did 5 miles in about 45 minutes. The school as a whole, with two other adult long lappers and some walking parents, achieved a total of over 270 miles, the equivalent of 10 marathons far surpassing their target of 5 marathons, one for every ring of the Olympic emblem. Their achievement can be seen on the official Olympic countdown site.
This sonnet ends on the famous note of resignation, “They also serve who only stand and waite.” But Milton clearly wasn’t resigned, since he went on to write Paradise Lost, and nor was John. He didn’t stand and wait, he stood up and was counted. Although he never ceased to love poetry, and went on to publish his book on Marianne Moore, his interests turned first to the representations of blindness in literature, and then to ways in which he, and other visually impaired people, could surmount their disabilities. He was what is called an “early adopter,” one of the first to see how the new technologies that have transformed our communication and information practices could enable people like him to be leaders in their chosen fields. His work on Web Accessibility turned him into an advocate for others, and the arc of his career stretched from the formal poetry of language through the practical poetry of committed activism, and ended in the linguistic immediacy of his blog, The Leukemia Letters, which many of you here have followed with pain and anxious sympathy. I was not an “early adopter,” I came in on the second wave, and when I needed help with my first computer, John and Ted Smith were at hand to lead me into the heart of the information revolution. I remember that it was John who taught me to use a long dead system called Pine, and sent me my very first e-mail. Since my inbox currently contains 6,148 messages, this was clearly the gift that goes on giving. Perhaps we could call blogs, in the words of Marianne Moore, “imaginary gardens with real toads in them.” The Leukemia Letters, a courageous account of his long dying, celebrated the usefulness of language, as Moore thought all genuine poetry should do: she wrote:
Dewsbury South
In February of 2006, I started this blog. I named it "Adventures in the 100 Acre Wood" and that is exactly what we've had in the last five years. Later, when Dad needed a legal name for the farm, he called it Mil-Ton Farms. Mil for Miller and Ton for Appleton. There is also a town near us called Milton.
not on my "heart list".. naughty cucki..
Rabid lives a fulfilling life with his loving wife Carebear. There is plenty of room in their mansion for their 3 kids and dog to play. His job as a programmer provides him with 2 cars, but it’s kind of weird because he only makes $10,000 a year. His wife must have a great job!
Welcome scrappers! Happy Scrappy holiday!
Carefully spread the raspberry jam over the pastry base, and then spread the cooled almond topping over the jam. Return to the oven and bake for an additional 25 minutes, or until golden.
The largest misconception is that Valerie Plame was a secret agent at or near the time the events unfolded. The truth is that Plame was outed many years before by secret documents that were leaked which rendered her a desk jockey at the CIA’s WMD Division at Langley. If anyone doubts that may I remind you that when this unfolded Plame had young twins at home, so unless the CIA is in the habit of sending pregnant moms to be with twins overseas undercover you are just going to have to accept that she was put on desk duty.
Willis Allen Ray was born in 1871, and Robert Jackson Ray in 1873.
After grabbing my favorite teapot and a beautiful teacup, I brewed a pot of Earl Grey (with cream, of course), then added a Battanburg lace napkin and a slice of my daughter's homemade bacon and basil quiche (served on a beautiful floral dessert plate).
Mariah Louie – CIEE Arts & Sciences Dar es Salaam, Tanzania
After that it will continue its eastward path, coming closest to the Earth on October 20. However, after the 12th the moon starts to come into play during prime time and for the next two weeks it will dominate the evening sky, its light making the comet and other faint objects more difficult to see. That’s why the first two weeks of the month are best for this event, but of course the comet can be found later and will continue to be a fairly easy telescope object right through November, though at that point it starts to favor Southern Hemisphere observers. By November it’s down below Orion moving towards Canis Minor and so isn’t high enough to see until around midnight. Still, it should be fun to look at it November 4th at the same time the comet is on NASA’s “candid camera.” For a more detailed chart for finding it on other dates, go here.
A well-paved road stretches along the whole coastline and a public bus traverses the route several times a day. We used to drive around but the more adventurous can also rent a mountain bike from the hotel and cycle to any desired destination in the island. I once joined a 7-kilometer fun run joined by school kids and, although I shamelessly walked half of the distance just taking pictures, I felt proud having walked almost halfway around a country.
First, Nehru drew half million strong crowds in meeting after meeting in Calcutta, Bombay, Lahore, Delhi, Madras and Lucknow in June. These mass meetings were completely unprecedented, and continue even in today’s electronic age. Organised by Jaya Prakash Narayan, the leader of the ‘left faction’ of Congress, these showed Nehru’s command over the party rank and file.
Despite warm temperatures, and low snowfall the VASA Ski Races, held near Traverse City, were successfully held this past weekend. This was not accomplished without great effort. With snowfall this year at half the normal amount, snow was trucked in to create a base for grooming the double tracked trail.
10/23 Salt Lake City, UT @ Burt's Tiki Lounge
In an age when entertainment is less often derived from the natural environment, and the acquisition of culture almost entirely divorced from natural history, knowing the names of plants is a peccadillo not a pre-requisite of a shared civic curriculum. Gone are the days when Willis Linn Jepson (the great Californian botanist) could reasonably proclaim that "every educated person should know, at least broadly, the native forests, shrubs and flowering plants in his own state". But is it unreasonable that Californians should at least recognize their state flower, the poppy, rather than mistake it, as did a recent visitor to our property, for a buttercup?
the story follows ririchiyo who is the descendant of an ayakashi. in the past, ayakashi and humans mixed and for some reason, the families with the ayakashi blood have always been very rich. but since the people who inherit the blood are seen as the ayakashi reincarnated, the families always treat them like the early ayakashi and so ririchiyo developed a sharp tongue to protect herself. since the descendants are weaker than full blooded ayakashi, to protect them there was a building where ayakashi descendants would live together with secret service body guards and they would band together in case they were attacked. the anime starts as ririchiyo moves in to the building, intending to live alone but she finds her own guard there. although she tries to get rid of him at first, she slowly gets to know him and meets the other people who live in the building.
(8) Mary Smith
He picked at the tick crawling around in his wiry brown hair, finally catching it between his fingers and popping it into his mouth. He tasted the succulent crunch under his teeth and an immediate command popped into his mind. Food. He leapt into the air instinctively and grabbed onto the nearest tree limb, swinging with a mighty force from tree to tree until he reached what he was searching for. Juicy, fresh, yellowish orange, he loved mangos. And he would never forget foraging for them, even when he is forced to leave forever.
Dizzie
I was very disappointed at the pigmentation of the Balm, it's basically clear lip gloss, and for $7 USD is very expensive. Also another thing that bothered me is the greasiness of it, it doesn't feel waxy like balm but greasy like oil on your lips. On the other hand the lip butters are very creamy and very light, but they don't really moisturize your lips. It is basically lipstick and not a tinted lipbalm.
Google Plus Followers: 580
Once you get her singing the whole doll moves and swings about and you'll find she moves towards you slowly as well.
Torrent is also an excellent place for brands to present their future releases. This year, Pedro Fernández has presented his personal line of miniatures in this new adventure he called "Origen Art". The first minis from this new company are still not available, there were only a few limited edition copies for some fortunate few who could attend Torrent, but soon they will open their store online. Here you can get a few images from this new range:
The Contour Brush has a slightly doomed, rounded shape. Though I seldom contour, this does fit well in the cheek hollows. I tend to use this for blusher (when I want a pop of colour on the apples on the cheeks) and highlighting.
Isn’t it incredible how a smell can transport you back to a place and time far easier than a photograph can? How the whiff of someone’s perfume, or browning garlic, or freshly cut grass causes often causes a flood of memories and emotions? I know now that for the rest of my days, the intoxicating scent of orange blossoms will always take me back to the Mediterranean coast of Turkey.
My evening television fare at Jason’s house had been broadened from the usual diet of reality shows and movies with WWII sized body counts, to include something called Louis to which I am becoming addicted. Louis is a stand up comic who headlines at a basement comedy club in NY’s Greenwich Village. His claim to fame is that his brand of stand-up is even less funny than Jerry Seinfeld’s. It fact it is relentlessly unfunny. He produces short videos of his adventures for cable TV (sort of more interesting, amusing and visual version of “This and that…”) which are also unfunny but almost rise to poignant. It is sort of what we used to call humor (like the humor that used to appear in New Yorker magazine which was unfunny too).
‘Cause she’ll teach you to cry
I suppose you could call this a zombie novel, which is why it is all the more extraordinary that I am including it in this list. Anybody who knows me even slightly will be aware that I loathe zombies like the plague. But what Marr has done with this novel is a laudable feat of re-imagining the genre, and I salute her for it (whilst still shuddering gently). Rebekkah Barrow is the reluctant inheritor of her grandmother Maylene's post as Graveminder to the small town of Claysville, where the dead are walking, unquiet and needing to be laid to rest. This is a new departure for Marr, best known for her Wicked Lovely faery series, and I will be fascinated to see where she takes Rebekkah's story next.
tell me what you think?
- Carry them on your back on a hard road.
I can hardly believe that it has been 10 years since we
Too often, people fall into the trap of strife. Someone says something that rubs you the wrong way, and before you know it, there is tension, quarreling and division. The Bible tells us that strife opens the door to “every evil work.” It’s the enemy’s greatest trap to keep people from living in victory. But you don’t have to fall into the trap of strife, you can rise above it. Like today’s verse says, you can simply drop the matter before it turns into something bigger than it needs to be. You don’t have to sink down to somebody’s level and argue with them and try to prove that you’re right. You weren’t put on this earth to correct everybody around you.
I remember just a few things.
We are reminded in Acts 3:1, that “Peter and John went up together into the temple at the hour of prayer.” Of course, we now know that one can pray anywhere and at any time. But this was Jerusalem and this was early during the transition period. While in Jerusalem, the temple was the place to be for prayer, and there Paul was communicating with God.
If this were a TV episode it would begin with the requisite photo montage and a voiceover that says, “Previously on…Sweet Mother.” So, let’s re-cap. I was annoyed with lesbo-land and their common “lesbian lazy susan” approach to dating. As a result, every now and again, I stepped out with one of my straight, lady friends looking for some man-tail. My dearest friend, Rayanne, had just suffered some heartache. I did what any good friend would do and put up a crazy, Craigslist advert seeking some potential man-tail to distract her.
7, Store in the fridge, unmould them and leave them for a couple of minutes before serving.
Jeans: J.Crew
David Fox
A little later I popped into a supermarket to buy mooncake (flaky pastries eaten at the mid-Autumn festival), then managed another Chinese conversation with a man selling spicy skewers and big flat bread. The general gist was that he didn’t have a “nu pangyou” (girlfriend) and I was “piao liang” (beautiful), and oh yes, did I want my skewer “la” (spicy).
Wow it's hot!!
It's been quite a summer. My arts year. My year of following my bliss. First there was the Minnesota State Arts Board grant to go to Ireland to study traditional harp music, then the acceptance into the Writing en Plein Air course in Auvillar, France, with Jamie Cat Callan.
DW: Some of the criticism I have seen from people on the Internet is, “If this group is so vast and so powerful to fight this cabal, why is Benjamin Fulford the only one talking about this?”
Gnats.
Widows are able to love again, parents are able to have children again, and so on and so on, time has a cold tight grip on us and there is nothing we can do to change that…
Tuesday morning found us moving slowly. Our wine and cheese party lasted until 3:30am and we loved every minute. About 12 friends came, many who had never met each other before but you would never have known it! Much laughter and more than a little wine! Peter joined us and we struck out for Passy cemetery near la Tour Eiffel. A beautiful small cemetery with many photo ops. The sun came out and made it more so. A quick trip to Trocadero and the obligatory shots of us and la Tour followed. We walked a few blocks and had lunch and a quick trip through the Yves St. Laurent Foundation exhibit by David Hockney. He has created art by using his touch screen on iPads and iPhones. Amazing. Mary left us about 3 and headed to Montmartre to meet a friend and Peter and I zipped off to the Marais. I did some shopping and we took some photos along the way. At 5 we met photographer Carla Coulson and Jean-Luc Rollier at a nearby cafe. We had a wonderful time getting to know each other and of course talking photography! At 7:30 we met CDP blogger Laurent ( Daily Photo in Paris) and Mary for a nice dinner and a little champagne. Merci Peter. We ended another grand day in Paris at the Hotel de Ville metro. Today we leave our fabulous apt. for a hotel for our last day in Paris. Our flight to Cininnati is looking good. My flight to Bham is iffy. C'est la vie.
But with joy our hearts can say
CONCLUSION: Uhhh…. I don’t really remember what happened in this movie. It of course had entertaining and funny moments, buuut…. Overall, it left me with less of an impression than almost every movie I’ve watched this year.
Harp seal
Deed started in IT is as leathered as breaking into any new region. Having worked in a few distinguishable jobs in my history, tho', I can recite you this: No else parcel in the grouping rewards personal travel,mencement, and action equivalent Aggregation Study. The fact that you score to touch so harsh to get in give aplish your eventual and unstoppable success retributive that often sweeter.
On the other hand, the Obamas, since they took the national stage by storm several years ago, were and still are in many of our eyes truly positive examples not of black people but of Americans in general. On more than one occasion, the President has spoken candidly and bravely about a slew of cultural traps that continue to bedevil our nation’s black youth. And when he has spoken, we have listened. This is why it is so dismaying to see him undermine his laudable message and example through his and his wife’s sometimes too-close proximity to hip hop artists and powerbrokers.
It was really sad when my mom had to go back to California, and I was a little nervous she wouldn't make her way back home without my French-speaking assistance, but she is an intelligent and capable lady so there were no problems :)
Peter Schiff: Sure, it would be interesting to know if we still have the gold that we claim we have.
November 18, 2005
Zane rolled towards her, still supporting his weight on his elbow. He eased Isabelle to the ground smoothly. Sliding his free hand from her face, trailing down her neck, and brushing against her breast. Hardened buds formed as the back of his hand brushed against them. Zane’s hand continued down to her waist, then reached around and pulled himself against her. A low growl escaped Zane’s throat a second before he covered her mouth again. It started gentle then grew more insistent, stirring feelings that quickly turned to raw desire. A slow sweep of his tongue in her mouth sent her closer to that ragged edge.
And now we wait for the next stage...when the buildings will be torn down. When that happens, we'll have an open view from our back balcony to the river...until the city has enough funds to build new apartments a few years from now.
Full of lemons.
The Summer of No Regrets is about a girl who stumbles upon a boy she thinks is a celebrity in disguise and prepares for one brilliant, beautiful, and memorable summer full of Hollywood gossip and troublesome bad boys.
with a silver trope that turned
Paragraph 11 is an example of what many consider to be antiquated language in the Constitution, particularly with reference to the terms “Letters of Marque and Reprisal” and “Bill of Attainder.” Yet many terms considered to be antiquated not only have relevance to our modern day, but they also offer a window into the attitudes and historical events that created the United States. Only by understanding their context is it possible to understand the issues to which the Constitution speaks—then, and now.
-Jersey Cotton
I immediately felt a sick wave of panic wash over me.
Arrived in Boston on a Tuesday evening. I was in town for a big conference. I am very fortunate in that my work allows us to come to these big conferences from time to time. It’s a real treat to be able to fly somewhere like Boston for work-related continuing education.
As they explored the labs, they were attacked by a horde of electric worms. They weren’t much of a problem, nothing old, Mr. Boot couldn’t handle.
She stared.
That if she could, she would make you a care package for this trip you are about to take: Seattle, the hair-tie around her wrist, the finger-made love letter (especially the list that resembles this one), four cans of whip cream, the Cherry Pie CD, the 305 key card, her glasses, a homemade meal, the little pieces of paper with your name on them, her best friends, her almost tattoo, the way you say ”Hi” to her, the hope that she helped you in some small way, lunch at PF Changs, a razor, soap, a hot shower, elation, a road trip, the heated seats in her car, her family, her love & friendship, music, a lifetime, Sierra Highway, the Lifehouse song, the Jason Mraz song, a song that hasn’t been written yet, a conversation in the dark at a party in your 20′s, a future, her future, your happiness, your self-worth, your self-love, her hand held out for you to hold, a picture you didn’t take together, that motorcycle, skipping class, conversations & quiet, everything she has learned about how to love, her unconditional love for you and lastly the knowledge that she knows. She does know. But you know that.
Looking forward to sharing some new ideas with you when I get home. I still have another week here. I don't know if I can handle all the relaxation by the pool and the sunshine, but I will certailny try.
“Asma, look at me!”
for the newlyweds.
Beth: Miles 1-6, don’t have tons to say here because I was familiar with this route from running the half last year. I wasn’t soaking at this point and felt good running. In mile 4 I saw a lady holding a sign that said “You are a Marathoner” and that was when the tears made their first attempt to show themselves. I knew I still had a lot of miles to cover but I was on my way to being a marathoner!
About Direct Lift
Today isn’t my day. I always wake up in a rather good mood. I’m never hungry in the morning, no matter how long it’s been since the last time I ate. Even if I only slept for an hour I feel refreshed.
It’s not so hard to implement paleo at home. I just got the kids Sarah Fragoso’s book, Paleo Pals: Jimmy and the Carrot Rocket Ship. River is excited to be a paleo pal superhero, but she’s still eating macaroni and gross crap at my mom’s. I need to talk to my mom about the way she feeds the kids. Now if only I could find a way to do it without pissing her off. At least I got her to stop drinking gingerale. What I really want to do is get them to stop using margarine and use butter instead.
And I’ve gotten even more sick, fun:( Well, thankfully I’m broke, because I won’t have a choice to stay at home and get better, and I can’t feel like I’m being lazy and not going out and looking for opportunities… I legitimately can’t leave my house tomorrow.
*To prepare plank, soak in water, juice or wine at least 2 hours for grilling, 30 minutes for oven baking. Pre-heat plank in the oven or grill until the surface is dry. Apply a light coat of olive or vegetable oil to plank on the meat side. When plank cooking on the grill, be sure to extinguish any flames with a water bottle and keep grill lid closed as much as possible.
Given these outcomes - the lack of financial responsibility for absconders and the fact that law enforcement already pick up most no-shows in Houston - using personal bonds instead of commercial bail for lower-risk offenders makes more sense to me all the time.
I instantly began to drool at the impending deliciousness.
“Beautiful eyes”
All in all, coming up with this plan and determining the better way to do it- took me the afternoon.
Mallin, meanwhile, urged the court not to intervene, saying he believes that it lacks jurisdiction to stop Salvant’s order.
The Five-Year Engagement (2012) really walked the line between the silly (like The Office) and the sincere (like The Break-Up (2006)). That’s not a typical formula for success, and I wouldn’t recommend it to anyone, but it didn’t ruin the movie. I think it’s because nobody was wholly serious at any one time. If they did have one of those dark, honest moments devoid of any levity that it would have cracked the universe apart.
Did get the Lady Catelyn Stark photographed, and two potential ads. Between complaining, did a bit of writing too. All things considered, I've had worse days. Still,now it's time for mandatory rest. Silly human am I.
*Food cravings?: Water and fruit....no real cravings and still feel sick if I eat the wrong thing or too much. I carry my big cup of water with me every where I go....
Lucky for me, the first fear that’s actually been realized here in Paris had to do with Milo. (I’m horrible.) When I came back from New York, I noticed a few clumps of fur around the apartment—like, major clumps. It was bizarre. And a little gross. The next day I came home from work, there was more fur. And then more and more and more. My cat has suddenly taken to ripping out giant tufts of his fur, and it’s absolutely disconcerting.
Have a nice week. I only have to wait this week before some of my family come over for a short summer holiday and a little special party. There is a big birthday waiting around the corner.
Like an evil blind hags
So she did, her hair was in a ponytail and she went to look in the mirror to check out her new bling.
After the argument, you came to me and said that you were sorry. That you were working on this whole honoring your parents thing, and this argument was not honoring.
I was a bit trepidatious about the fabric because it's really bright, and even though I LOVE color I don't want my house to look like a Ringling Brothers lounge. Thankfully, since all of the rest of the stuff in my living room is pretty basic, I think they look great.
It seemed as though he heard me because the moment I finished my sentence, Jake lifted his thigh and gave the man a blow to his crotch. That final blow made him fall to the ground, moaning in pain. Jake then, began to run towards where I was dragged to. Then, I heard a loud noise.
Spencer has had a busy month. He has been growing bigger and trying lots of new things. He is all smiles and giggles as long as he is well rested and has a full tummy. He has also started eating solid foods this month. It took a couple of weeks for Spencer to get the hang of eating, but now he is loving his rice cereal and bananas for breakfast and sweet potatoes for dinner. That is all he has tried so far.
He was being filmed too, so of course I had to ask what was going on. Apparently the Driving Standards Agency are making a new video highlighting road safety which will be available on YouTube by the end of the month.
Marks little brother loaded us all into the back of his van and brought us all to the hospital. I stayed for one night and fractured my knee and two fingers. So I'm sorry if some of this is spelled atrociously... No one was seriously injured though. The worst anyone had was a broken arm and he was one of the guys who launched twenty feet. Thanks for reading and remember to never drink and sled or sled with inflatable pools. Both those things are bad.
He looked at me like "huh?" and then said "Well, we don't do that sort of thing here". And I'm all "Yeah? Like I do car fires regularly myself?" (And in my head I'm thinking "And it's my goddamn birthday and I want to be in the cool water even though I do have my damn period and I'm fat and bloated and my only swimsuit is a tiny black bikini and I WANT MY SALAD WITH THE CHICKEN AND THE HONEY MUSTARD AND MY GODDAMN CAR IS ON FIRE AND DID I MENTION ITS MY FUCKING BIRTHDAY GODDAMMIT?")
I wish she new that her brown skin
$5 at the door before 10 / $10 after
It was a stark contrast to the rest of the week.
'Well, let me show you here in the annual." She slowly turned each page until she got to the football section. She looked at each photo carefully until her fingers punctuated her find with a hard tap.
CH: I'm going to tell you a story. I was into rock-and-roll; I had long hair and played the drums. I hated tango, I didn't like it one bit, I couldn't even listen to it. But when I went to take a class with Ricardo Barrios and Victoria Vieyra, I embraced my dance partner for the first time and I got goose bumps. I said, "there's something going on here..." and I never stopped. That magical moment was my beginning. On the other hand, a few years ago I went to the "La Trastienda" milonga organized by Horacio Godoy. I walked in and I saw you. I wanted to dance with you but second-guessed myself. I went back and forth until I asked you. I remember we were talking, then we embraced each other and in that moment I felt 40 years of tango. In the embrace, do you understand? We hadn't taken a single step! It was simply from the way in which you held me. For me that was the most powerful moment of the tanda. Then we danced for a long time. It was great, we did all sort of things, I enjoyed myself. But the moment of that embrace, like the one of my first class and some others, have marked me in regards to my relationship with the dance. I'm talking about the intimacy of the embrace. With very few people have I been able to feel the same way, much has been lost.
*I did not receive any compensation or products for this post.
HOW is my sweet baby already 8 weeks old & sitting up in her Bumbo chair?!
There are plenty of other examples of movies that employ long shots to brilliant effect—Playtime (1967), Barry Lyndon (1975), and that Catalan film Birdsong (2008) released in New York last year, come immediately to mind—but perhaps I will explore those other examples in a later post. (And, of course, readers, feel free to list other memorable examples of long-shot cinema in the comments section!) For now, though, I just wanted to say this one last thing about long shots: that, while no two long shots are alike in what they contain and what they express, generally these kinds of shots, for me, serve as potent reminders that, in life, however wrapped up you may be in pursuing your own personal passions or handling your own private problems, that a) the wider universe could care less (I don't see that as nihilism; it's just the truth), and b) there are always situations better and/or worse than the one you may be in. Long shots, in short, not only provide a dizzying sense of visual perspective, but, for the receptive viewer, can also summon forth a more introspective sense of personal and philosophical perspective. And, in light of some of the personal shit I've had to deal with recently (one day I may get to explaining this, but not now), there's nothing more necessary than the kind of art that can inspire such a profound awareness. Because, I mean, isn't that what the best art can do: bring us closer to life, in some way?
The feedback and support I have received from fellow bloggers has been so helpful to me and I am inspired every day with each new post I read from the blogs I follow and love when I stumble across a new blog that I can't wait to hear more from!
“Uh, well, not really” she says. “I like my new friends more.”
After 13 tracks, we finally hear George's beautiful baritone voice on lead. It bops on with a lovable rockabilly swagger. It sounds like they're having a Hell of a good time, too, but they also sound worn out...like this last song on the album might have even been the last one they recorded for it. Still, a memorable performance, plenty of that marvelous echo that I love on the vocals.
Life was good. We were happy. Patrick did ask me if I wanted to get counseling after the emotional affair. I said a confident, “No, I just needed a baby.”
Mychal Lamar Hulse, 30, New York, N.Y.
- Baseboards added to the floor (in progress today, weeeeeee!)
“I think most of them would come back in a heartbeat if they could,” says Derrick Romney, who says he loves the small town life of Colonia Juarez.
The Seed Cathedral, a living form, is a result of a conscious of relationship to nature. There is harmony in vectors; the optical rods, which pull to a center. Then the interior warps to a curvaceous realm, meanwhile the extending branches align with the horizon and beyond. This structure has movement and openness.
Melt your cube of butter in a deep skillet. Add minced garlic and let cook for several minutes on low-med heat. Add cream cheese and stir until melted. It looks kinda clumpy so don't worry. Add cream and shredded cheese, stirring on low heat until melted. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve over cooked pasta... my family likes fettucini...
“A second run?” Manny was incredulous.
A Where we are right now, what we found is that we couldn’t afford making the permanent collection free without cutting temporary exhibitions. So it wasn’t a viable economic model.
3. These ads are incoherent; they dumbfound me - what’s not to get? A man makes a Tarzan noise in front of a cityscape and then another man opens the plantation shutters on the top level of his Victorian-era home and makes a noise like a monkey and then a man going up an escalator shrieks “Lalalalalalala” and then a woman waiting for a taxi in a busy place holds a high note and then an unseen man under a bridge howls at the moon and then the noises are repeated over and over again, faster and faster, and then a slogan from a 1970s political campaign comes up and then cans of Jim Beam positioned like bowling pins spontaneously explode and then start perspiring heavily before pulsating. I’ll ask again: what’s not to get?
But the cookie crumbles the other way too, (and that's how we both stay humble.) About two weeks ago, my colleague asked me if I was going to go to some "banks" after school. "Banks?" I said questioningly. "Like to rob them or something?" And she realized her error, and again we had a good laugh and joked about robbing some banks.
at the market was so compelling you just
- Today was the first whole day that Dan and I have had together in what feels like ages. We had lunch in Wetherspoons, found Ben & Jerry's on offer in Tesco (2 for £6) then came back and watched films. It seems like so long ago already that we had every single day together over the summer.
I'm all for free pens, but really?
Let's just say when I take the final 25 to be mailed, I'll be sure to be well rested and bring a short novel to read.
Scuffed-up shoes from running loose
But here is the big 'ol' OOPS that I made, that you don't have to make. After I had updated the kiddie cabinet to what I thought was the safest route for my clan, I have since read that those plastic IKEA dishes that gazillions of families adore, are said to be... BPA free! However, many of the other plastic dishes we were also using for our kiddos, weren't in the same situation.
5. I have dyscalculia. I had no idea that is what it was when I was school I always just felt stupid and let that get to me with academics in general but now I know that I wasn't stupid after all and I wish I didn't let it affect me the way it did (and still does) Claire is pretty good with math and knows her left and rights better then me (yes, I still mix those up way more then a 28 yr old should.) I think she will be OK. Emily concerns me though, just because she is so much more like me.
In summary: Three days of the usual, impossible boredom went by full of school, and studying, and the dramaqueen text messsages full of who was hot for Ally and which cretin on the football team was caught with Paige. When it was time for my date with Alden, I was ready for some drama of my own.
It was EPIC. I tell you.
Fordham University announced today that all faculty and staff email will move to Google’s Gmail in the coming months joining students and alumni already on the Gmail platform. Fordham IT plans to complete the migration by the end of 2012.
The rest of Sunday was filled with more everyday chores around the house and ferrying K-boy to his youth group. Then waiting for him to be done. After that shopping and cooking dinner. Relaxing - not so much. I miss my lost hour of weekend!
Eyelet Shorts $44.99 Banana Republic Factory Store
I have also gone back to chiropractic adjustments which I firmly believe are important to prevention of illness. Unfortunately I have let it go over the past year, but have just started back again. Still going through the difficulties of flare up due to the adjustments, but this too shall pass.
Due to the suspected link between vaccines and autism, more than 5,000 U.S. families have filed claims in a federal vaccine court against the companies producing the vaccines. In most cases, the plaintiffs received no compensation and all correlation between the illness and vaccines was denied by the defendants. A public relations war has been going on for years, as studies and counter-studies have appeared, proving or denying the links between vaccines and autism, depending where they originate from. The studies claiming that vaccines are safe have often been funded by the very companies that produce them.
To time was the time the child of her consciousness
Fortunately, I knew someone who did these amazing maps by hand & would recreate a much smaller, more weddingish version of the information I needed my guests to know.
The conversations I have with my health coach are extremely therapeutic for me. If I'm good, I call her up before I indulge in a binge, and sometimes it's a guilty conscience that forces me to phone after I've eaten no-no foods until I'm stuffed. Whatever the timing of my phone call, she walks me through the same routine each time: What is making me want to sabotage myself and is that reason worthy of making myself more miserable in the long run? That's the big lightbulb moment for me: Eating like that doesn't make me happy. I mean, duh, right? But in the moment, twinkies and cupcakes seem like an immediate relief to whatever stress, disappointment or pain I am experiencing. Choosing not to binge is an exercise in delayed "healthy" gratification (weight loss and health) over immediate "unhealthy" gratification (sweets and weight gain).
I go back to Kirsten's place with her, and pack my bags....because I just...felt like moving. It's nice to have wiggle room in your road trip plans. I was feeling---more like a small town, and like.... exploding my car's contents all over the place so I could regroup.
-Vogue, June 2009 issue. Jeffrey Steingarten has a fantastic feature on the stuff. Read an excerpt here.
The Civil War had left families broken in both the North and the South, orphan trains were bringing kids out West to work on farms where some of them were treated so brutally that they ran way rather than endure the harsh treatment. I’m sure there are others societal elements that contributed to the rise in crime amongst young people of that time, but, it was this particular darkness that struck me when I drove away from the castle.
Steps
4 filled
Reaction to the two try-outs has been varied, Mark tells me.
Well our country must be at its worst. We're all in this together are we Mr Cameron? Some more than others clearly. We all had our suspicions about the unity of financial sacrifice being a sham. But now I suspect the actual sacrifice of human life and wellbeing before criminality too, had been consciously accepted that this would only apply to certain strata of society.
You might know this weird dude as the lead singer of the almighty, flute-rocking 70’s band Jethro Tull, which rocked my other-lead-instrument-than-guitar-seeking mind and universe. Besides being the first artist to introduce the flute to rock and still look bad-ass while soloing the shit outta that bitch, he has always expressed a colorful, eccentric and playful personality which, obviously, is heavily
“GOD SAVE AMERICA” C Brewer
4. I have killer allergies – mostly outdoor, but a few indoor ones make life fun, too
The Court has voted unanimously to drive patent lawyers crazy.
We have decided that we would like to dine at Bar Mare on Friday night for our final night in Praiano. Because we have started to notice a few more tourists in the area, we feel reservations would be prudent to ensure we get our preferred table. I can barely coax my leg muscles into moving this morning after the Sentiero degli dei adventure, so Linda and Janel volunteer to walk down to the marina to secure our reservation.
“I was struggling with the fact that so many black people have lost their farmland, and here I was faced with having to help a white person save their land. So I didn’t give him the full force of what I could do. I did enough.”
Imagine every church having a permanent room devoted to silence, darkness (aka natural light or candlelight) and calmness with only calming sounds of soaking music available to those needing a place to find solitude and the comforting hand of their Father God? No talking, no phones, no tv, no computer? Wouldn’t that be something?
who’ll woo you with sincere words.
2.) Sodom was destroyed for inhospitality and its maltreatment of the poor. Not because of homosexuality. The crime in Sodom was attempted rape — not homosexuality.
We'll sit on the porch and drink lemonade,
Min 5: Maybe you’re not talking enough about your gayby. You used to always mention your gayby and now it’s like your non-existent, future, child is dead. What is wrong with you?
Embellishments: Prima flowers, Kaiser Pearls, Misc Ribbon, Misc ribbon buckle and KindyGlitz
The report’s executive summary concludes, “It is clear that the textbooks examined throughout this report contain extensive amounts of material that is seriously historically flawed and often unmistakably biased.”
happy birthday Leo!
It's entirely possible of course that the "80%...90% of everything is crap" formulae is just getting higher - yet at the same time we are being asked to buy more, consume more to keep the economy going. "More" in this case can include culture - whether its DVDs, cinema tickets, CDs or poetry books.
This, to me, seems a little confusing. The market shifts, prices drop and publishers find themselves in a position where their established costs exceed the prices they can bring in. Ok, so that’s Amazon’s fault? It is, in a way, because they largely ushered in the ebook disruption, but other than that, this seems to be pointing out the necessity of publishers to change. Their business model isn’t working with current or sure-to-be future market conditions. Shouldn’t the point here be adapt before you go under? Rather, he seems to be using this point to justify publishers’ actions to stifle the changes in the market to support a status quo your own damn customers are walking away from! I just don’t know anymore. These people work with books, for god’s sake! Wouldn’t some knowledge and logic sink in just out of random chance once in a while?
I decided to share with you my Christmas beanies. I looked and looked and looked for a pattern that spoke to me and was something that I really wanted to make over and over and over again. I never found one, so I made up my own pattern.
"Hi," I say in french. "Would it be possible for you to mount me?"
2 Freedom Flexibility 6:06
I start writing again and people start reading again. Of course I got many hits from my blog on Mass Effect 3’s ending, as it is a popular topic these days, but even the other blogs have gotten some hits. More than this someone started following me! I don’t use Twitter and generally I loathe Twitter more than any other social media advent, so the fact that someone ‘follows’ me is new and kind of cool.
It was a real pleasure to make this dress and I had a lot of fun trying to recreate Joanie's overall look for the pictures. I've also really enjoyed following everybody else's progress and reading all the research other bloggers have been doing into different character's looks. This has probably been the most enjoyable challenge I've been involved in so far - I've had a big grin on my face during the whole process! So massive thanks must be given to Julia Bobbin for organising such an interesting and fun challenge. Don't forget to check out her blog from 1st April, where she'll be showcasing all the other amazing Mad Men dresses that have been created worldwide. I can't wait to see them all.
Pens:
We mean it when we say we'll bust you out, Mickey, I swear we do,
It will be kind of funny as the people who want to get in touch with nature are the very same people who will be totally offended by the sight and smell of a huge mound of garbage and so I really kind of hate to object. I think huge government failures are pretty amusing, in a bitter ironic way.
And those he plays never suspect
So, you hear me Pendleton Ward and Tim Schafer...you hear me!! (probably not)
2) Be enthusiastic and grateful for your ability to change. In fact, live your life as if the change has already occurred. Fill your mine with only the positive possibilities…both day and night. You will grow stronger in your resolve to live the lifestyle of your dreams.
I can offer you a life of obedient servitude on YOUR compound, since my house sucks. In your time with me, you will learn so much. You will learn that my multiple personalities all have names, and are made up of only the cutest kinds of dangerous sociopaths, serial killer-esque types, and sexual deviants. You will learn that your life with me will be much easier if you are constantly lubricated and pliant. You will learn the meaning of the words “OW, THAT FUCKING HURTS, KAGE”, and you will memorize every line of Anchorman. You will listen to the Spice Girls, Nickleback and that silly little bisexual girl, Justin Bieber, should you EVER disobey me. You’re a figure of fun, Henry, and I’m gonna fuck that fun figure. You will occasionally be allowed to show me who MY daddy is, say for example on your birthday, or on the day Glenn Beck finally explodes into a million pieces, showering us all in crocodile tears and Nazi propaganda posters.
For Consignment Sale I got 6 new pairs of Circo shorts, boys Children's Place Shoes, infant onesies, Ralph Lauren skort, puzzle, 4th of July outfit, and 2 long sleeve shirts for fall sale.
That sounded reasonable, but what could I ask? Sonya's last name? No, it had to be something I already knew the answer to, just in case Madame Imelda answered falsely. It was Sonya's baby daughter that brought me here in the first place. I could ask something along those lines. The daughter's name, maybe? No, I didn't know that either. Wait, I could just ask the psychic if she even knew Sonya had a baby daughter.
Don’t fret if you make a few losing investments when you’re just starting out. Often, novice traders are discouraged when their first investments do not do as well as they hoped. Remember that the stock market is not a game, and it takes time, patience and education to get to the point where you are investing the right way.
I came across this Nutty Oatmeal Cookie recipe and what I immediately liked about it was the ingredient list. I doesn't call for a lot of different kinds of flours that I don't have in the house, such as tapioca flour, millet flour or potato starch. I uses just the flour made from old fashioned oats, almonds and hazelnuts.
“Mr. McKenzie...” she began, not bothering to call him by his first name; that honor was reserved for the few butt-kissers she actually liked; for everyone else it was Mr. This or Ms. That. “...care to tell me what your problem is this time?”
Mark, who had been quiet so far, now spoke up. He said that he hadn't appreciated the humour, either. He found a joke of Tom's - Tom calls greasy cheeseburgers 'cheesy greaseburgers', if I recall correctly - simply puerile, rather than, as I do, amusing and heart-lifting evidence of Tom's ability to move from gloomy academically-couched existential angst to simple life-affirming humour. In fact, Mark, said, he hadn't liked the book at all. He said he had to admit that this was largely because as an admirer of Auster's previous style, he was disappointed by the change, but also he thought it sentimental. He didn't, as most of us did, find the book touching. He didn't think the nine-year-old niece's mutism credible - though he also announced that he hadn't found the book worth finishing, so he would have missed the explanation provided at the end. He said he strongly agreed with John's suggestion that this book had been written cynically to commission as a 9/11 book and had failed.
Currently, Dave Hickey is garnering a great deal of attention for his recent show in Las Vegas of artists he finds interesting and of the moment, many of which are his former students. At the same time, Hickey is advocating, and rightly so, many Los Angeles hard edge painters that never received the attention they deserved over the years like Karl Benjamin and Helen Lundeberg. I am fan of Hickey’s writing, but I was hesitant to head to Laguna, where the Las Vegas show currently resides. I thought I would test the waters first by looking at the exhibition's poster-artist, Tim Bavington, at Mark Moore. I was well rewarded.
If one seeks the blessings of the Lord he must accept the will & leading of the Lord. It is a sad state when one who lives in sin suddenly prays out of need and expects God to answer that prayer. He then has the audacity so as to say, “God does not care for him”, or worse yet, “there is no God.”
1 bands
However, you lot all know about the horrors, so I'm not going to bang on about it.
Finally, in case you’re wondering, my next Time Team will be in two weeks. And it won’t be prehistoric. In fact it won’t be very old at all. But I suspect it’ll be extraordinarily moving, in much the same way as that remarkable rain-swept navvy camp up in the clouds atop Risehill, in the Yorkshire Dales. Our next site is also a camp, but a very, very large one. And a very different one. Your appetite whetted?
Yes, yes it most certainly could have.
- Letting go of insecurities
- come back next week to party again!
Elvenstar is a purely hunter-jumper barn with its rider base made up of mostly juniors. Because of this, the big focus is on equitation. I must say that I am incredibly thankful for that focus since I feel that it has largely contributed to my riding style today. When I was younger, according to the head trainer, I "didn't have a rider's body," and was therefore shunted from the hunter and equitation competitions to jumper ones. But, the lessons were the same and I still learned a good deal about showmanship, rhythm over a course, and subtle aids.
Thomas Field, Edward Bennett, Thomas Clemence, William Lancaster,
Considering this explanation, I am very pleased to receive this award. Thank you bipolarmuse, for thinking of me as fearless, awkward, embarrassing, intimate, and honest. The humor comes and goes, but I am glad you can chicken pick it out when my garbage filter is absent and has been sent to the cleaners. Seriously, it feels good to be recognized as someone who is honest and doesn’t hold anything back. I try not to, as I believe my life experiences are a large part of who I am today, which I do not mind saying, is a pretty strong and amazing woman! What a victory for me to be able to admit that publicly and believe it! If you really want to see how it is done, go to bipolarmuse and read some of her poetry—some of the most moving words you will ever read! I not only learn so many things from her, but I adore her raw truths written is such a way as to take your breath away. Thank you so much!
12. Flintstones
If you installed it in, say, a corporate board room: the CEO looks down upon her minions with derision and rage – because they didn't finish the monthly report. As she speaks they hear a disquieting buzzing sound, followed by a tickling of the skin as one's body hair stands on end...
The whens, wheres, whys and hows:
“Yes, how are you, Isis?” Rayna smiled sweetly while sizing up her competition. Isis was a very beautiful woman. Buttermilk skin that gave way to her mixed heritage covered her tall, slender body.
After the cleaning finally stopped, my mom, sister, and I headed to the local mall for a bit of shopping. I got a really cute little black dress for an amazing price!
Ask yourself a few good questions (and feel free to add your own! I’d love it if you’d add them in the comments) to get a clearer picture of the YOU that you truly want to be:
11. Mona-Maiden of the Cancer Moon
This also got me to thinking that if I’d never had the stroke and developed dystonia, I might never have organized a fundraiser. Which means I might never have known my own capabilities.
This is what occupied my mind mostly for the last 2 months, and it's where all my energy and time went to for the last 2-3 weeks, it's this baby shower.
Fast forward six years and we’re in 2010. I have been on a low-carb diet for six years and lost quite a lot of weight in the process. I’m still sick, but I’m feeling better than I ever have. I no longer eat sugar and I stay away from everything white as far as humanly possible. I do, however, eat a lot of processed stuff. Because it’s cheaper. Or so I keep telling myself. You know the whole “burgers are only 99p but salads £5” nonsense. I keep having my yearly flare-ups when my immune system decides it would be fun to attack a few joints and try to eat them. This year, I’m struggling as the last flare-up lasted longer than ever and saw me well into the late spring. I could walk with crutches (and stubbornness) for about three months and then another flare-up kicked in. By November I was in a wheelchair and I’ve been more or less stuck there ever since.
The photo above is of my father-in-law. He's the director of bands and chair of the music department at Doane. His bands sounded fantastic and to see him conduct the finale, the Hallelujah chorus, was really neat. Let's keep in mind that at one time I had to conduct the Hallelujah chorus in front of him. For a class. Of which he was the professor. During my freshman year of college. When Allen and I had been dating for all of 4 months. YEP! That happened.
We go home. It seems strange, but I call this place home already. The young woman leaves.
For those of you like me who shop online....make sure you check out these deals:
And the beard of his chin was as white as the snow;
expressive and creative portraits; and producing beautiful fine art photography around our world.
Last Seen: Suffering from enormous stress
about 5 cups of rice
It took me many years to outgrow the 4-week course and to realise that there are ‘other options’. This is not to deny its power and its fitness for purpose, nor to feel less grateful for the incredible career it kick-started. But isn’t it time that some of the other options were given more credence? And more legitimacy?
This is not only for the Husband and Wife relationship, but will work in all forms-work, children, parents, siblings, etc.
I want to live, not just barely exist.
I topped the entire manicure in 1 coat of Seche Vite, and I was out the door, with my hot cocoa manicure! :)
Commander, Pacific Air Forces, Air Component, Commander for the U.S. Pacific Command Commander (’04-’07)
Parachutes
Speaking of getaways...this summer has been so fun
geologists were quick to call for
2 (1-pound) flank steaks, trimmed
I discovered the painting while perusing Google image for something else that would fit the pastor’s sermon. It struck me as slightly sad. One woman in the background is picking roses. Obviously, she’s quite happy. But the lady in the foreground rests her arms on the bench and lays her head down. She frowns at something past the painter, lost in thought.
Favorite quotes.
I also used the chisel to mortise out the hinges for our new pantry door last fall. It’s the same idea – just trace the hinge, then chisel it out. It doesn’t have to be perfect – it’s covered in the end!
As you will know these steps, and the exhausting of the negotiating procedures, left the NUJ with no alternative but to ballot their members at the group for industrial action. Consequently NUJ members at the Group took industrial action for two weeks between April 18 and April 29 2011. We are informed that the NUJ is conducting a fresh ballot on industrial action and that the previous strike was well supported by the local community.
When it comes to education one size does not fit all. Sometimes an oral approach with speech therapy is successful and sometimes a signed environment best meets the needs of a student. It's frustrating that both sides of the oral vs. manual debate cannot put forth all the educational options for parents. Too often doctors give misleading or one-sided information--keeping parents in the dark--to push their own agendas.
1 teaspoon ground cumin
Flour, salt and pepper and oil
“There, there,” said Belinda, giving him a tissue to dry his eyes. “There’s no need to apologise. Many men before you have wept on seeing my naked bosom for the first time. It affects people like a divine revelation if they are not accustomed to seeing human flesh moulded into adornments of perfect globular symmetry.”
Faye's planning to go to Grenada with a small film crew in March, for the 30th anniversary of the Revo. As a teaser to attract potential funders, she has put together a trailer for the film, which you can see here.
because I am me
This past weekend Daryl the trucker arrived home. And has been in "farmer mode" ever since.
Before I ended this post (for now), some lucky Colleges will be visited by Carlos Alazraqui and Cedric Yarbrough. I’ll post the schedule soon.
while there,what ever you do don't forget to check out her upcoming baby week (february8th-14th)!will be starting soon so check it out!
One day a father gets out of work and on his way home he suddenly remembers that it's his daughter's birthday.
From the Nahuatl molli , meaning "concoction," mole is a rich, dark, reddish-brown sauce usually served with poultry. There are many variations of this spicy Mexican specialty, usually depending on what's in the cook's kitchen. Generally, mole is a smooth, cooked blend of onion, garlic, several varieties of CHILES, ground seeds (such as sesame seeds or pumpkin seeds — known as pepitas ) and a small amount of MEXICAN CHOCOLATE, its best-known ingredient. (Some Americanized mole recipes use bitter chocolate.) The chocolate contributes richness to the sauce without adding overt sweetness.
If a champ loses two games, drop them. If you look at the season ending records, the best teams drop 2 or less. If they drop 3, then they are subject to the at large process which is polls. It’s the eyeball test. This is, as Teague Egan would say, “crucial, brah” because it will still foster the kinds of circular, pointless debates ESPN gets off on (and frankly milks for 24 hours so they have content) by debating who the final 2-3 teams that get in are, but it will not be as passionate a fight as a four team will create.
One of the ways Jim stays involved in the kids' unschooling is to bring home brainteaser challenges for them every once in while. We've had a relatively typical, I guess, back and forth with regards to unschooling, Jim being the consummate skeptic and reluctant practitioner. With time, however, he's really been able to see lots of the learning that goes on naturally and come even to embrace the more relaxed pace our lives.
Thank you
This was my THIRD High school... this time in Wilmington,Dela-where?
TH: So we both make a few more moves but at some point we diverge. We take different roads. Ok?
I followed author R.L. Stine one day, a while back, for one reason and one reason only, I once knew a kid who was obsessed with the “Goosebumps” series. I had never read any of the books but I do remember when the television series started on Friday nights. So, I followed R.L. Stine.
Category: Science / Earth Science
8) Add in the bean sprout and chives. Stir for few more minutes.
My old View-Master, replete with the saga of Malph, remains on my list of toys I wish I never parted with.
Fortunately you can reprogram these ‘templates’ so they serve you better and help you to get out of your own way. First we need to identify what these thoughts and self-beliefs are that are causing the roadblock. Then, we change them and put more positive and focused ones in their place. Just like a software upgrade we can give ourselves this mind reprogramming upgrade so what we want to have happen on the ‘outside’ is a match for what is happening on the ‘inside’.
So far, the agency has found 187 cases where so-called comparative bullet lead analysis evidence was not only used in the investigation, but came into play at trial where FBI experts provided testimony. It has notified prosecutors in those cases where testimony from its experts "exceeds the limits of the science and cannot be supported by the FBI," one agency letter says.
To many Westerners, Buddhism seems a very peculiar religion, or not a religion at all. Where is God in it?
She added in mitigation that Puay was young when he committed the offence but that is no excuse.
These are located just off of the beginning of the 3 mile drive, over by a pond that has a statue of a pelican in it. These steps used to be wood and dirt till this year.
It's so foul it should be a curse word, the nasty kind that my parents would have pulled out soap and ordered me into the bathroom for. Shudder. And even if I start going to bed at ten, it won't wash the taste of five out of my mouth because me and five don't get along. Somehow I don't think that is going to change in six days.
The summer surge is attributed to a desire to beat the fee increase and to stepped up campaigns promoting naturalization in anticipation of the upcoming presidential election.
On 25 and 26 June 2011, Aerospace and Porsche fans will be at the air shows in Schwäbisch Hall in their element. Heubach fly out of the magpie, and some machines with PFM3200 Porsche engine in the association are to Schwäbisch Hall.
In a shallow dish, mix together the garlic powder, pepper, salt, paprika, bread crumbs and flour. In a separate dish, whisk together the milk and egg.
Men are often buried with their workmates, betraying how tightly bound a Bolivian's identity is to his profession. Here, they're not so much family men who happen to work as truck drivers; they're truck drivers who happen to have a family. In Sucre's cemetery, large common vaults owned by unions — coal miners, lawyers and teachers among them — occupy a lot of ground. Likewise, children aren't buried with their parents, but with other children under a large hill of white graves, which is both beautiful and sad. The kids' shrines are filled with Disney characters, coke bottles, toys and poems. Adults, too, have shrines filled with the things they loved — often tiny liquor bottles, or a pack of cigarettes.
To say we huffed and puffed up it is an understatement and in all honesty, two miles in and I wasn’t really sure where we were.To make matters even worse we came to a point where 3 roads meet and we didn’t take the one that would take us down the steep hill we had tried to avoid – oh well. Still it was a lovely route and gave us a few options for some different routes. Every cloud has a silver lining – we were so high up we could see the silver lining!!
That next week I met Autumn and her foster parents at our office. I wanted this young woman to understand how I would become part of her life and that I wanted to build a trusting relationship with her. I told her how I could help her with her SAT preparation, her resume and her college essays. She immediately said “Cool, when are you coming over? I’m free next week”. I was so excited that Autumn was going to allow me into her life and listen to my advice and essentially allow me to lead her. That next week I went to her foster home and we began our mentor/mentee relationship. That was three months ago and it has been going fantastically. Together, we’ve revamped her resume and she’s gotten a few job interviews, I’ve gotten her interested in summer camp and even thinking about taking an SAT prep course.
Click here to check out the schedule and all the details, and don't forget to follow along with the blog hop. Can't wait!
arsenic and Irish lace
It almost seems like the will of the All-Powerful Master, by which living beings sometimes want to kill each other but at other times want to protect each other. Like with the fish in the water, the bigger one swallows the smaller. O King, The weak are eaten by the strong, and the strong are eaten by the strongest. O powerful one, thus the strongest Yadus killed the more common ones. So the Yadus themselves removed themselves from the face of the earth.
by Valerie Bodden
I feel like one of the themes of my life these days is submission.... God keeps calling my attention to it lately. You see, I'm learning submission one piece of my life at a time. Five years ago God taught me submission in my marriage, and it has brought me amazing freedom. Two years ago God taught my husband and me submission with our plans in life on a larger scale... and it has brought us amazing peace. But today I'm struggling with submission on a daily basis in my home. How do I lay down my daily life? How do I give up my control... of my kids, of my schedule, of my work, of my stress?
Despite World cup win, followed by last IPL season(within a week), then back to back tours (where btw, India failed miserably) and just when I was thinking all is over, the TV started flashing those sexy cheerleaders jumping up and down with pompoms and cricketers lusting for the orange, purple and god knows what caps.
7. The Feeling of Jazz.
Easy Rider
And THAT is our son MATTHEW….that is this little boys FIGHTING spirit. He has been just such an INSPIRATION for our family. He reminds us everyday of how PRECIOUS life is and how MIRACLES happen. We always have said that Matthew must have seen GOD because this little boy is so HAPPY all the time. That is how we explain his beautiful and happy spirit. He has already SEEN such a HEAVEN and that has made him always to have such a BEAUTIFUL smile. RARELY has he been bad tempered or unhappy…when he is, we know that SOMETHING is wrong or he is feeling ill.
Technically, there was only one rerun between this and the last new episode. There will also be just one week off before the hour-long season finale. But did they really have to end this episode on a cliffhanger, albeit a predictable one?
5PM - I GOT AN EPIDURAL!! I am terrified of needles, and really enjoyed my other two labor/deliveries with no pain meds. But, this time, I seriously felt much more pain earlier on. I didn't want to know anything about what they were doing to my spine, and I literally almost passed out right after he stuck the needle in me. Oh my goodness, though, how amazing it is to not feel ANYTHING! It was cracking me up to watch the monitor and see contractions happening rapidly and strongly, but not even knowing they were going on. "Better living through chemistry," as my dad would say.
"Oh shit." I stood and stared at it for a moment, then looked around at the houses of the neighborhood, willing a friendly neighbor out to solve the problem for me...trailer park fashion statement be damned. I have never dealt with this in my life. It was cold. I was in my pajamas. I had no gloves. Even if I KNEW how to change a tire, it would be impossible to do so in this temperature without at least gloves.
After that chance Arsenal looked to be in a good position to get the next goal and claim a battling win, but QPR struck from nowhere. Barton decided he didn’t have the bottle to go shoulder to shoulder with Song down the right wing and conned Mike Dean into awarding a free-kick and booking Song. The Arsenal defence spent the next couple minutes trying to clear its lines before Mackie got the ball down their right wing.
- Sleek “S” design FightStick casing
Saturday, October 30th
The carpenter singing his, as he measures his plank or beam,
MTN also said that U.S. courts would not have jurisdiction over any such a case because the “accusations involve conduct alleged to have taken place in South Africa and Iran, and have no connection to the United States.” MTN said it established a committee of non-executive directors to investigate Turkcell’s allegations.
This scene has played out in my life quite often I’m afraid, and unfortunately I feel that I can no longer in good conscience let the topic slide by without stating my opinion. You see, I do not think that there has ever been a golden era of world history or American history since that accursed day in Eden. Is this just my opinion or is there some biblical backing to my belief? We’ll see in a minute, but for now back to Woody Allen.
Contributed by Brad Thomas Parsons to Food and Wine
a : the portion of the vertebrate central nervous system enclosed in the skull and continuous with the spinal cord through the foramen magnum that is composed of neurons and supporting and nutritive structures (as glia) and that integrates sensory information from inside and outside the body in controlling autonomic function (as heartbeat and respiration), in coordinating and directing correlated motor responses, and in the process of learning — compare
c. Satellite View of building area 27
To 200 posts! To Ingrid Michaelson! To gangsta rap and the thug life!
I read it as carefully as I could for a study outside my expertise, and nowhere does it say what proportion of homophobic people are actually driven by such repressed sexual orientations. It’s interesting that it happens at all, and it’s plausible, but does it “cause” any significant amount of the widespread anti-gay attitudes and actions we see? Maybe. For what it’s worth, if I read it right the variation in homophobia explained (R-squared) in the experiments was in the neighborhood of 5%.
Oh Wikipedia you are a wonderful site.
kind of moment.
A powerhouse gaming machine with an amazing 16GB of RAM
"Oh, no. I couldn't do that." She giggled again, skipping sideways so that she could face him as she moved. "You should never explain your own joke."
there isn't one.
Phase 5) Win all the contracts
Do true feelings ever define boundaries
I’m not wearing a hat and gloves, you Neanderthal.
Now fuck off the lot of you.
these are super easy
"You are earwigging to Jonesys Jukebox"
In the past I would have felt upstate with Eli for not wanting to eat his dinner even as I struggled to eat it too. I would have felt resentment at his 'wasting my money' and even though I would have tried to be cool about it the effects of the resentment would have spilled over into little snippy comments and lack of connectedness between us.
STORY: Jason Bourne isn’t the only assassin to come out of Redstone and this is the story of one of them, whose life is directly affected by Bourne’s exploits in the first three films.
It Just Is / Vavona Burr / Valedictory Songs / What Did for the Dinosaurs
The next thing he knew, he heard a growling barking dog and loud thudding goose-stepping. For the next few hours he listened as they barged into every house in the neighborhood and searched all of them.
In a large bowl, combine flour and sugar. Using a pastry blender, cut in the butter until mixture resembles fine crumbs. Stir in drained cherries and 4 ounces (2/3 cup) of the chopped chocolate. Stir in almond extract and, if desired, food coloring. Knead mixture with your hands until it forms a smooth ball.
North Coast Red Seal Ale 355ml $4.00 – Very much in the US style, rich caramel & toffee malt with vibrant citrus fruit aroma & robust piney finish.
Dear Lord, help us to give birth to good thoughts and deeds today. Amen.
I had a ton of stuff hanging on my walls that I really didn't think fit the look or feel I was going for, so most of this went straight into storage boxes. Other stuff I decided to take with me. It really isn't that stressful when I broke it down as only removing the things on my wall instead of trying to tackle a floor to ceiling area like I had been dreading.
Miracle Fortress – Was I the Wave?
Veterans of the conference grumbled about 1. how it’s too big now, 2. how it’s changed, and 3. how SXSW’s early EPs were much better before they signed to the Warped Tour and totally sold out, man. This was only my second year, and even I could feel how many more people there were this time.
Watermelons kill, but not just if you eat them. As Dellers will tell you in his new book (UK edition) of the same name, they kill wholesale. One of those ways is by the restrictions (amounting to an effective ban) on DDT, which has led to a resurgence of malaria.
Who knows what I’ve been goin’ through
Many people are aware of Nintendo’s ill-fated stab at 3D game play, the Virtual Boy. But few have heard about Illustr8’s attempt at a fully immersive gaming experience. Much like Nintendo, they attempted a very ambitious project with technology that was not fully developed or realized.
*Leah is forbidden by her father either to look at the movie screen or to listen to the dialogue. Holly agrees, but deceives the father by telling him the theatre is soundproof;
"Nope. No good. Background microwave energy left over from the big bang would warm you like two degrees."
But anyway, back to the original point of the post. Earlier today, Lakkara turned up again. Greatmother called me up to her dwelling to see her. I have to admit, even though I knew that the smart thing was to stay skeptical until I could confirm who she was, it was pretty tough not to be shaken up by the first sight of her. I haven’t seen my mother since I was a little kid, but those last fumes of memory stay with you…and damned if she didn’t look just like my mother, with some extra wrinkles and gray hairs added on. Older for sure, weakened by the red pox and worn by a hard life, but damned if she didn’t look just like her.
There is a “cheap booze” application on Android, but it doesn’t seem to work. I twittered a while back asking people to let me know about booze & pub applications on Android and some nice people replied. Thanks to all that did. Of the applications out there, Bar Finder and Cask Marque are worth a look and do link into Google maps. Both are free to download. Wetherspoons are developing there iPhone app for Android so soon that’ll be all you really need. Why go anywhere but your nearest spoons and pay more? There is a CAMRA beer guide available but at over £4 they can keep that. If they want to tell me about the better CAMRA approved pubs near me they can tell me about them for nothing. Even found a free Oktoberfest guide. All of this though is pub and bar information.
After half the class fails their first quiz on “Of Mice and Men,” Mr. Danza fears that most of his students aren’t doing their work. As a result, he risks legal repercussions when he denies three of his “special needs” students the use of the resource room because he thinks they’re being lazy. And to make matters worse, Mr. Danza’s brightest student wants to drop out of his English class because he isn’t being challenged enough. Pushed to the limit, Tony breaks down in tears.
The first story is about a woman who steals a ring off of a dead body, only to have the ghost come back and haunt her. It’s a fairly typical tale of revenge from beyond the grave for an injustice, and follows all the usual parameters as such – she acts incredibly vain and selfish before, and then after she steals it, things start to seem all the more creepy and haunting with every passing moment, and she becomes paranoid. It’s not a very complex story, and as such, it’s the shortest tale here. This one isn’t bad, but it doesn’t really have a lot going on…well, except for the ghost’s creepy as hell face at the end:
It’s an odd mixture of strategy and unpredictability, allowing you to set up your battle choices yet completely undermine them at the same time. The main difference to other RPG battle systems is that you can’t target your enemies (or indeed your allies), and so far this has brought mixed results. On the one hand it ups the difficulty considerably, forcing players to consider, quite literally, every possible outcome if you’re facing off against more than one enemy. You’ve got to cover the possibility of magic vulnerability as well as magic resistance, keep track of your ability point count, and keep the damage level high while still keeping your characters alive. But it also risks taking the difficulty level to the extreme by the sheer random order of ensuing events.
Operation and support system (OSS):
Why the poor view of our bodies?
2025.E-X/10/1971. On the military dictatorship in Greece. Cleveland Plain-Dealer, Cleveland, Ohio.
Sorry about that. Life has a way of getting us caught up in all sorts of things.
if you're taking a pic in a tiny mirror,
Pace: 6 ; Parry: 6 ; Toughness: 7
I am relatively new to the world of Blogging and I have watched other competitions take place from afar. I had often thought that there is no way that my blog could ever stand with the other great blogs in a competition……
“Beware of turning to evil which you seem to prefer to affliction.”
That are in the field
11. L. B. Boogie (Christiansen, Oberg, La Grand) 9:20
www.investigativeproject.org is a place to start. It is run by a fellow named Steve Emerson who has lot's of experience in these matters. Two of the books that Steve will tell you to read first are:
Planning a cheap DIY beach wedding is not that easy. Suggestions are very welcome! Especially involving ways to save money on food!
15. thunder love- little dragon
4 tbs oil for frying
Colossians 3:2
I did a tutorial on how to fold the hats, using origami paper. The hats in my bentos were folded using wax paper. :)
And that is a victory testimony, isn't it?
The first night, Sweets didn't venture too far from Jameson's side. She stayed right next to him all night long. But the second night, she was much more adventurous. The second night she was here (Sunday), was already a horrible night. The air conditioning was broken and the house was close to 90 degrees. We were dying. (First world problems). Marty had the windows in the bedroom up and we had fans blowing on us, trying to keep us cool.
After each Aspen visit, the pair would ask the same questions: “Why doesn’t Atlanta have a festival?” and “Wouldn’t it be great to showcase the food and beverage traditions of our region – the entire Southern region?” But it wasn’t just the image of celebrating the best of Southern food and drink that got the two thinking; it was also the notion they could take the best elements of other national festivals, build upon them and then infuse a spirit of honoring the regional food traditions that got them excited.
Holding Term down on the microphone side of things are great guest spots from some of the hottest new talent in the game; Mac Miller, Roc Marciano and Freddie Gibbs blend nicely with iconoclasts Bun B., Havoc of Mobb Deep and Lil Fame of M.O.P and Shawn Stockman from Boyz 2 Men. 2012 has already garnered high praise as this month’s Source Magazine has given the full length it’s coveted “Independent’s Day” column and XXL has a great review ready for it’s May 22nd issue. The duo will also hit the road in both the states and abroad, April – July for full tour support of the album. 2012 will indeed be the year of 1982.
Sullivan has an easy and often humorous writing style, the characterization is well-rounded, and the story was compelling enough to keep me burning through the pages. But for all that the book was rather light and giggly, the ending was somber and poignant. I think it was pretty realistic, and I give Sullivan props for crafting a story of teenage fun and rebellion that ends with a heavy dose of reality, given that they are young women in a time period where young women have few choices and fewer rights. Some readers may scoff at the frivolity of the tale, but I'm all for anything that gets teens interested in history, and I think this has a lot of appeal for its target audience.
Its Mediterranean Dialogue partners are Algeria, Egypt, Israel, Jordan, Mauritania, Morocco and Tunisia.
Today, I have had a jaw-breaking experience. I hate to use this word -literally- but it was literally that. At a time I should have been enjoying a leisurely day off work, I found myself prone where I stayed for 1 1/2 hours. With my mouth open, obviously. Sorry, did I say I went to the dentist? I went to the dentist this morning for a root canal.
I really hope this dress stays white for longer than 5 minutes, there's a reason why I almost always wear black and that's because I get everything dirty! I couldn't resist this dress though, and like with the blouse, the quality seems to be better than on the stock photo, I really love it and the fabric and most of the lace is cotton. I do believe this to be a Liz Lisa replica, but for a replica it's really good quality! The lace is just perfect (*≧m≦*) hnnnggg. The waist is big though, I hope it fits!
Sometimes I wonder if living this pretty reclusive life of ours is entirely the right thing to do. Will my children grow up reclusive as well?
Losing my hair, getting sick, almost losing everything.
And, if you still think minimum pricing might have something to be said for it, just pinch yourself and look at who you are lining up with – all the miserable, Puritanical, pub-hating killjoys of the anti-drink lobby like Don Shenker, Anne Milton and Sir Ian Gilmore. If you care at all about pubs and the brewing industry, is that really the side of the debate you want to be on?
"Mm-hm. But that was just awful that she called you on it in class! I mean, you know, half of us didn't do the reading... she did not have to pick on you!"
The kingdom’s religious police enforce Saudi Arabia’s strict interpretation of Islam, which prohibits unrelated men and women from mingling. Women and men in Saudi Arabia remain highly segregated and are restricted in how they are allowed to mix in public. The separation of men and women is not absolute. Women in Saudi Arabia hold high-level teaching positions in universities and work as engineers, doctors, nurses and a range of other posts.
Okay, could Ken technically be counted as one of Barbie's "accessories?" Well, I had Sport & Shave Ken, and he was right on. First of all, he was HANDSOMER, than blonde Ken, and he came with a special marker to draw a beard on his face, which you would then "shave" off with the little sponge razor. Good times! Not as good times as Barbie though. I think Barbie was married to Sport & Shave Ken for a little while, but then, tragically, she had an affair with G.I. Joe.
the ground on a flatulence-resonance field). He motions for the
As soon as a person begins to show tumultuous interest as a seeker, his/her Inner Guides would constantly communicate to him/her, in face to face mode, many messages as his/her body sleeps. S/he is pulled up the higher EMF, inside safe havens, where the Guides can communicate more safely.
A tapestry is not made in one day. Neither was Rome (I thought I would throw that in…)
Betsy is creating havoc on the future and it is a future I am confused by and not sure it will be good.
But as I lean nonchalantly (and gingerly) against the Poo Gateway, I think... come on fellas. Haul your crap together and do something about it. We are trying to. Being the sort of person I am, I would quite like a set of reliable guidelines. I'd like to feel like you are with me, not against me. I'd like to feel a little less anxious (and eventually enraged) every time I take my son to a doctor.
O.K., enough of this A-typical-Irish-tangent...
Split your dough into 3 sections (I was able to do this by doubling the recipe). Then color your 2 doughs with the colors you want and leave the 3rd the natural color of the dough.
A: Lakas? What Lakas? They’re now Liberals!
Schrader SM. Assessing Reproductive Potential in Men. Chapter 9 Reproductive Toxicology and Infertility. Scialli AR, Zinaman M (Eds.). McGraw-Hill, Inc., New York, 1992: 283-294.
"I'm sorry," I say again.
Lest you think I'm a complete freak for enjoying beer and ice cream together, I'm not the only one: two of Amy's more famous flavors of ice cream are Shiner Bock and Guinness. I used to live on 34th Street near both an Amy's location and the dearly missed Austin Outhouse, one of the great dive bars of all time. I would always go to Amy's first, and then take my ice cream over to the Outhouse and get a Shiner Bock. Everyone always laughed at me, but then one day I walked into Amy's, and there it was up on the menu board: Shiner Bock ice cream. I could kill two birds with one stone! I took it over to the Outhouse, and everyone said "No way!" Of course, I didn't really kill two birds — I got myself a real Shiner, as well.
27 But when Ahaziah the king of Judah saw this, he fled by the way of the garden house. And Jehu followed after him, and said, Smite him also in the chariot. And they did so at the going up to Gur, which is by Ibleam. And he fled to Megiddo, and died there.
But when you get right down to it, we have a pretty tactless scene halfway in where Mike/Irving becomes a rubber-masked wolfman wearing a brown Phyllis Diller wig, and he attacks, rapes and kills a comely lass in her own shabby hotel room. This pretty much comes out of left field and does not leave the viewer with any laughs and no tittilation either... unless seeing dead girls covered in reddish-orange blood is a turn-on for you, ya freak. And if it is, the door's right over there. Hit the road.
The South African New Economics (SANE) Foundation is a non-government organisation with the mission of "promoting and encouraging a process and system which will create a humane, just, sustainable and culturally appropriate system in South Africa". New Economics offers some specific policies for counteracting many of the serious structural imbalances, unsustainable practices and environmental damage generated by the current economic system. Five important principles of New Economics are the following:
environmental major should study abroad.
1 gloss
In a very deep, husky voice, the woman next to him says, "Before you tell that joke, sir, I think it is only fair... given that you are blind, that you should know five things:
What an aroma! Acetic with some caramel and hints of funk in the back. Jo thought the funk was a little odd but I felt like it was exactly what you'd expect from an Flanders Red style sour. Started with some tart cherry which was followed by light vinegar and caramel sweetness. The vinegar wasn't as strong in the flavor as in the aroma but the right balance was still struck between it and the sweetness. Just really delicious. I've read they do a sour cherry version which must be awesome. Too bad we'll probably never see it around here.
You're hundred above minimums...
many times i walk back from the bathroom, here in the lovely downtown waupaca public library, i catch the cover of psychology today. it’s a face, painted yellow with a black nuclear symbol (☢) on it. in big letters, it says, “DIFFICULT PEOPLE.” for who is more difficult than the cult of violence?
I must sign off now. Murdoch Senior is about to give evidence and, the way this thing is going, he probably has pictures of Osborne, in a wig and cocktail dress, zipping up a red sports-bag.
1-1/2 large eggs (1/2 large egg = 2 Tbsp.)
Tours of Parc des Princes and Stade de France
That’s it????
Previous to the creation of the Time Lords, Rassilon headed the Prydonian Chapter. With Omega, he planned to make the star Qqaba go supernova. The energy released would enable the Gallifreyan race to travel through time, to become Time Lords. A saboteur from the future known as Fenris, caused the death of Omega (or so the Gallifreyans believed) but the time controller on Fenris' belt proved useful to him.
Other 3-year-old feedback? “I love the color pink”
"No problem....Joe." she answers with a beaming smile as we prepare to leave the Transporter Room.
Women today are busy, stressed, and guilt-ridden, yet they long to develop their spiritual sides. Turning Guilt Trips into Joy Rides offers inspirational thoughts based on scripture--brief enough to be read during a television commercial, yet insightful enough to open your eyes to the grace of God on days you change diapers and/or lead corporate meetings. Each reading suggests a "Guilt Trip to Avoid" and ends with a way to "Take the Joy Ride." The book includes six months of daily readings so that you may establish a habit of connecting with God. Readings are listed under the letters G-R-A-C-E, representing God,
looking for heads
Maybe it’s my confidence in God’s ongoing work that keeps me from being numbered among the “prophets of doom”. Anyone who knows me will tell you that it is not because I have a naturally cheerful personality. And it’s not because I am a better person than someone who meditates on all the problems in the world that need to be fixed. I understand that it takes all sorts of people to make up the Body of Christ, and that without their unique contributions and charisms we would be incomplete.
Add baking powder, baking soda and salt to the already sifted flour. Then sift dry ingredients again.
It wasn’t like the rest of the world had grown more sentient, more ecologically-friendly to the shark population in the intervening thirty years. The animal population had shrunk in direct contrast to the increasing human proliferation of the planet. But Tom was convinced that the shark in his school were probably the only ones left in the entire seven oceans with such a natural and unspoiled habitat. He intended to keep it that way.
Law has brought Smoker’s heart as a gift, and says “What about Strawhat ya?”
It has given me time to make Little P's Easter treat. I looked everywhere for dairy and soya free chocolate eggs, but no joy, so I have skipped merrily down memory lane and rustled up some very special nests.
Master bath
I followed this recipe first because everything the author posts induces stomach growls, and second because her last instruction for the frosting was “bump the speed up to medium-high and beat the crap out of it.” Right on.
(4) confiscation of infringing products;
Here are a few of my favorite living rooms:
Exodus 21:15 “Anyone who attacks his father or his mother must be put to death.“
PRAY!
I am constantly sore and have a few problem areas such as my lower back and hips which bother me more than others, but it is a fair trade off for the improvements i am making. I’m not gonna lie though, I am really looking forward to day 31 and 32, which will be a little break, no yoga no exercise no nothing except maybe a visit to the sweedish baths.
1½ cups sugar
Congratulations to our winners, please contact us at challenges@easycraftprojects.net to claim your prizes.
Every state that boarders (sic) New Mexico except for Oklahoma which only has the Tip of its Panhandle touching New Mexico are now not welcome in New Mexico if they carry a firearm. All those citizens were welcome in the not to distant past. Also Colorado and most likely Texas will drop New Mexico and then citizens of New Mexico will not be welcome in those states if they want to carry their defensive firearm. That will cause a lot of calls, emails and letters to start flowing to politicians and an election is coming up. Those Politicians don’t want any waves right now that they don’t need. So it will be very interesting to see what happens in the coming weeks. I am hoping for the best. I also what to say I don’t know anymore about the Why’s of this any more than you do.
And then there are the super-vigorous growers...
However, there were systematic forms of training for all the weapons I have mentioned, from sword to staff to fist, and many more besides. There were actual traditions and schools and regional styles, as well as cross training. There were also outstanding masters of the day like the remarkable James Figg and Daniel Mendoza. Later in the 19th century European fighting arts would still be championed by the likes of Captain Richard Burton and Edward William Barton Wright, to name just a small sampling of an honourable and dedicated tradition.
*Modge Podge
The 'soil' is a Noma recipe made from hazelnut meal and Guinness. Beneath the soil is a layer of herbed yoghurt.
If you find any other easy tricks with Youtube than can you write a comment explaining this trick and it will be added.
Payback.
We have a tomato thief among us. I have long suspected the backyard squirrels have been the culprits.
The Wild Man as Lover - Like the fairy tale wild men, Pitt's seductive cowboy hitchhiker gives magical gifts to the hero for her journey, in this the hero is a housewife and the gift a sexual awakening akin to the one experienced by a similarly frustrated housewife heroine burdened with a self-absorbed unconscious schlub of a husband who doesn't believe in a wife's right to an orgasm, Jane Fonda in Coming Home.
or you may choose just one favorite bag design
So, what caused this attitude? A view which would have been so alien to every generation before the 1960's? Why is it considered as acceptable to do to us what would cause shock and outcry were it done to anyone else? The reason is clear, Europeans have been taught to think differently about themselves, and make no mistake, they have been deliberately taught to view themselves in the way they now do.
when I read the theme "slow down and look back" I realized that I hadn't slowed down in awhile. my mind has been on overload and chaos mode for quite some time now.
The First Law is that of inertia. I placed a baseball card on top of a glass, and then stacked coins on top of the card. I asked them to predict what would happen to the coins when I horizontally flicked the card away (they said the coins would fly off everywhere.) Of course they dropped into the glass, and I let them try it a few times. I also gave each of them some thick paper (bookmarks, actually) and a stack of pennies. I instructed them to place the bookmark on the edge of the table so half of it was off of it and then to put a stack of coins on the bookmark. They quickly pulled the bookmark out from under the coins and the stack remained intact on the table. (The boys, of course, experimented with ways to make the coins spill...)
It's a rainy windy day at the lake. This is day four of rains, winds, huge gusts on the lake, so much so that we are still stoking fires and keeping warm and dry as much as possible.
We stare at each other through glass and across a space of some ten meters - maybe a bit more. One by one they move off, alongside the boardwalk, past the pool and the guest cottage, and on to the waterhole between the koppies.
So, off we went to the Blue & Gold, with me scared out of my wits having to face the boy I just hit and ran. When we got there, I scanned the room and there was Mitchell with a black eye! Now I figured I was in real trouble. I wasn’t proud of giving him a shiner and I wasn’t happy that I threw a punch. I felt sick seeing him. But, he came up to me and as he approached, I wanted to run so fast.
I know we often beat ourselves up on our mothering skills,(ok, maybe not, maybe we realize that we are not perfect...but being perfect sucks anyway!) but look around, I am pretty sure it's not hard to find kids a lot worse behaved than yours.....we must be doing something vaguely right.
Awaken yourself to the possibility of transformation with all your relationships. There is always room for deeper levels of intimacy, authenticity and love. Make today count and tell your loved ones just how much they mean to you. Bless them and yourself; I promise, you will be glad you did.
Clearly, he’s discovered the answer to his question.
I suppose I’m beholden to discuss The Boss’ new tune in this space, but I have only listened to it once or twice. The jury is still out, as far as I’m concerned. It’s not a bad song, it just seems a little heavy handed. While not as big a Springsteen fan as most of you that read the Five, I still felt the absence of Clarence at the close where his solo clearly should have been.
Episode 2 ends with this “argument scene”…
Brenna Keating is on her way to spend Christmas with her grandmother when treacherous roads and a skittish deer put her car in a ditch. Riding to the rescue—literally—is Dillon Craig, a reclusive doctor who insists she weather the storm in his cabin.
I had originally planned to do a post on how unusually quiet May Day was yesterday. Europe, in particular, is usually awash in riots on May Day, but it seemed almost preternaturally quiet. I thought it might have something to do with the residual comraderie from the royal wedding, but now, in retrospect, it's almost like it was the calm before the storm.
I wonder sometimes if the church forgets how simple that is. We are his workmanship, saved by grace, and we preach the written word and live the testimony of the living word. We live by grace, we love, we share, we build, we pray for peace and if need be we die for others. If the world doesn’t find Christ in us, it surely will not find him because his name is etched into a 2,000-year-old piece of limestone that may or may not have belonged to his relative. It would not find him in the Shroud of Turin.
That’s not why I’m writing this, though. Earlier today, I heard thunder. The storm wasn’t close enough to see the lightning or its flash. That doesn’t matter. Lightning can strike up to ten miles away from the edge of the storm. Which means, it can be sunny where you are with a storm on the horizon, and lightning can get you. If you can hear thunder or see lightning, the storm is close enough to kill or injure.
“What Would Jesus Do” took on a whole new meaning.
I talk about dusties every Thursday but I don't think I've really spent any time defining what a dusty is. If you ask most people, they would say it's a hard to find or out of production bottle of whiskey. But if you really talk to people about dusties, many would say that what they are looking for are bottles that were out of production before they started drinking (or seriously drinking) whiskey.
Just as I imagined....this week threw me for a huge loop! I started back to work after about 14 weeks on maternity leave. Wowzer! It's gone more smooth than I imagined as far as emotionally (thank you, Lord, for answered prayers!) However, my body has felt it for sure! My diet has been messed up...quick lunches...quick, easy dinners. I only worked out once this work week, I am sleep-deprived, and my stress level is up with all the new demands.
Released 2011
Any writer can tell you that life isn’t fair. It ain't. But every so often, for no perceptible reason, life gets it exactly right.
Caught in a conundrum of her own making Sally March was unable to say anything for several seconds. “Peter, just call your son on Saturday.” She finally said before hanging up the phone.
Rotas newest cool concave wheel:500 for all 4
"my head hurts like a bowling ball being squeezed by a giant's fingers" (paraphrased, but it's in the first paragraph of the 3rd chapter if you don't believe me)
$5.00 off on ONE (1) REMBRANDT Kit
The next major finish-it goal, and this one's going to cheer up our living room:
which is still ongoing, and also the
-Flannel
playing and falling more in love with ZJ
I've found some literature that states that the body uses nutrients, water, and calories in the creation of breastmilk FIRST, before filling the body's other metabolic needs. It's not like I'm not eating anything. I am simply listening to my body's hunger cues, and satisfying them with (mostly) healthy options. People have been breastfeeding successfully for thousands of years without the aid of a calorie counter. Sometimes I think we just make things too complicated for ourselves these days.
This Tea could be for a Mother and Daughter,
Bargain Album
to make a long story short: everyone had believed that I was in jail.. goes to show everyone thinks i am capable of ending up in a jail.
He began to run out of breath and begged me to slow down, but I strode on upwards. I knew I had to rid myself of this man, and all he represented.
Each paper was quoted by the Austria born Canadian guitarist, Norbert Kraft to Paulino Bernabe guitar brand.
10. My Online Astronomy Journal - My Online Astronomy Journal is a community based website for amateur astronomers who want to record their observations and share them with other people. Membership is free and open to everyone.
I must admit I have had it for a few weeks now
I have my doubts. It IS feasible to privatize the mortgage system. But is there the will? That is, will we “take the pain” for a few years or is the entitlement culture so pervasive that politicians can’t bear pain?
SUBJECT: REQUEST TO EFFECT AN APPOINTMENT THAT IS IN DEVIATION TO THE EE PLAN OF THE DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONAL SERVICES: MR PJ DAVIDS: ASD HR ADMINISTRATION: ALLANDALE MANAGEMENT AREA: WESTERN CAPE REGION
Will she run again in four years?
You watch and see.....
Create any sort of project you would like, just make sure to incorporate somethingfrom the Letter Envy cartridge and at least two other cuts from any other cartridge. Upload a working link or picture of your project to the blog under theMagazine Challenge tab. Remember, you can enter as many times as you want, and we will use the number assigned to your project to randomly pick a winner. Entry deadline is April 13th. If you use the Cricut Craft Room™ design tool to design yourprojects, save your file. If you win, we can share the file with the other Cricut Circle™members! The winner of this challenge will receive $150.00 credit to Cricut.com and your project picture will be featured in the magazine. Get busy! The 13th will be here before you know it!
:walks away scratching her head:
My mom made Towel Hair Wraps
Well, I sure am glad this working week is over. Only been four days but they have been so busy. Should be better next week as staff are back from their Easter holidays. Sadly, I have not had a lot of time for crafting this week. I did get in my crafty room tonight and produced this little number below.
You've been patient...
Upgrade your thermostat. You don’t need your central air conditioning running all day. You can cycle it on and off and still retain a comfortable working environment. An automated thermostat can take care of that. It also allows you to use less energy while you are away from the house — while still cooling or heating it to a comfortable level before you return.
I awoke from a quite night, I never heard a sound
I wonder how long this will last?
A large bar of chocolate
I don’t remember all of the details, and to be honest I was a teenage girl with hurt and hormones and insecurity coursing through my veins and now I wonder how much those things could have tainted my perspective, but what I do remember is this:
like reaching through water
But then you wake up to this.
5. Loosely cover and let rise for about 45 minutes
28. “Coming Down” by Dum Dum Girls
3 TBSP. strawberry jam
Normally I have my taxes done at this time, so I’m beginning to feel antsy. I do them by hand with pen on paper forms because I think it’s un-American to have to pay someone for the privilege of paying my taxes. I’ll consider the free fillable forms if they’re easy. But even though I’ve tackled Schedule C with previous businesses, it’s been a while and I had a whole set of questions.
Encouraged by his parents, this special young boy with an incomplete right arm loved sports, especially baseball. With the help of his father he learned how to throw and catch using a unique single hand technique. He practiced day and night throwing the ball against the garage until he wore out the door. As he grew, he developed into a strong and skilled athlete.
Below is a trailer for the film.
so instead of the real thing i will just have to settle for the pleasure i get from my the chook related gifts and op shop finds..
Today's adventure, however, was a rock-hound's dream come true. I went to the Ohio Caverns with The Hubs, The Boy and The FIL (father-in-law). Complete with miniature flying bats, we walked down to 10-stories below the surface of the earth. And Oh! The wonders that were there. And as we were not allowed to touch anything (for fear of ruining thousands of years of growth), I came home with nary a rock. But I did come home with something... here are just a few photos, in no particular order, that I took...
Pushing limits, but also making sure that she has the necessary strength and understands what I want.
As the horses leap, the men is sucked in by a force in the air at the very same time the moon turns into an eclipse. The horses safely landed without them.
Between right and wrong.
. . . Provided, That when the national interest so requires, the President may amend, modify, replace or rescind any contract, concession, permit, licenses or any other form of privilege granted herein . . .
The O2 Arena, incidentally, is where multiple award winning singer Michael Jackson was to have had his final series of concerts in London. Hence, needless to state the size and prestige the venue holds.
You can basically use any fruit you want. I just included these as guidelines. Also, the almonds add crunch and are a tradtional Ancient Greek food. You can, however, also use almonds. Try to find raw orange blossom honey if you can to try to get the flavor as close to the Greek honeys as you can.
This guy then turns around and says that he did these things to defend Norway against Marxists and Muslims. Wow! When are people going to let these two groups off the hook? Muslims have been persecuted (along with other groups) since the dark ages, and continue to be the target of stereotyping and discrimination because of a relatively small radicalized few who carry out terrorist attacks in name of Allah (the compassionate, the merciful). Marxists have been the target of right-wing vitriol worldwide, and very specifically in the United States, since the Communist Revolution in 1919, and throughout the 20th century as countries throughout the world tried their hands at communism or socialism (they get lumped in as the same ideology, despite their differences). Although, I must say that all countries that have been described as "communist", have not actually followed through with Marx's vision to the endpoint, and have instead all stagnated in the "dictatorship of the proletariat" stage, with the Communist Party becoming a de facto dictator, with the head of the party as the head of the state (e.g. Chairman Mao, Premier Stalin, President Castro). But I digress...
Lotus F1 Team set the pace at the second day of testing at the Autodromo Internazionale del Mugello in Italy, with a time of 1min 21.603s set by Romain Grosjean early in the morning session being the lap to beat. It was equalled late in the day, but never bettered.
The multiple and proliferating streams of Critical Theory continue to enrich scholarly and research fields in the humanities and political sciences. In the fields of education theory to media analysis, from cultural theory to theories of ‘the city’, from aesthetics to theories of the law critical theorists continue to employ perspectives and approaches that challenge, provoke and subvert the standard clichés and tropes of empirical sociology and positivism in the humanities and political sciences.
Honorary Beer Scribe for Guest on Tap
I remember also thinking, God Green Day really did nick this stuff wholesale from Stiff Little Fingers, didn’t they?
Scarred for life
Norman Tate (English Democrats) 597 18%
It's all very nice and fun and romantic and definitely a pseudo-sciencey to classify yourself as right-brained or left-brained. Left-brainers are the orderly, punctual, compunctual, math fiendish, disciplined types. Right-brainers are the wacky, creative, disorganized, idea-a-minute types (basically, they're what hipsters would like to be). The key to understanding these two halves -- these diametrically opposed forces -- is this little secret I'm going to let you in on, so lean in and listen close...
And there is fantasy … but it is perfect.
The audience was articulate and engaged. The con is small and therefore encourages conversation and mingling, all with a heaping dose of fun with many attendees cosplaying.
But, when it comes down to it, he delivers. A killer wave comes up on Coney Island, and he grabs his lifeguarding gear and swims into it, not away as everyone else is doing, trying desperately to save a drowning victim. And, when he gets thrown up on shore, three days later with a bit missing from his memories, he's not just This Guy anymore. He's THAT Guy. The one who survived, when everyone else died. The one whose tail just... manifested... in... the... bathtub...
I decided to just run through quests with none of the in-character feelings I usually have (because it had been so long since last playing, I didn’t remember most of the stuff I had done).
Set in a rising bowl and allow to rise until double the size. If using active dry yeast this will be about 2 hrs. But if you are using instant yeast, it could be as less as 40 minutes. Check instructions on the yeast packet.
02 - Strawberries
Me (high, Rouse-y voice): "Suzie! Itty-bitty-boo!"
stung by a bee √
Your pocket-watch tablet is talking. It’s a phone? What’s a phone? You mean, like a talking letter? That fellow there? He looks like a dandy. No, we have one in town, John Adams, like the president – he wears his knickers too tight and he prefers the company of men. No, I don’t mind him. He makes a wonderful moonshine out of cornmeal. He calls it Sam Adams, after his son.
one calls a witch who goes to the beach was not booed
I'd honestly really like to live in Holywood. Its such a nice area, definitely something to look into for the future.
Yesterday, he came home in a total strop. Some small boy had been shouting abuse about ME to Sonshine and he spent 3/4 of an hour trying to catch the little shit as they came down the hill from school. Which was, of course, the desired result by the boy. This is the same child who has insulted me before. And to whom Sonshine tartly replied: 'Is your dad going to just keep going until he gets a good-looking one?' This child is one of four. Or is it five?
Her new album, “Let It Break”, has some cracking songs about the heart on it, like “Ruin” or, my favourite, the anthemic “Shock to My System“, which is just downright catchy while being effortlessly touching. A tale of a life “half alive” because of pain and disappointment and sheer bloody habit being set on fire by the arrival of a love who then simply fucks off, I find myself really touched and wondering about my own life, my own often chequered history. The best songs do that to you, I suppose.
No, not with artillery; with my Nikkor 105mm micro lens (only Nikon calls it a micro – everyone else calls them a macro).
Soon they will be able to sing.
All his brothers were excited for his birthday. I love it when they are nice to each other. Andrew and Matthew stayed up late and missed their reading time (which they LOVE) so they could help make his cake. Matthew said, “I love Steven more than my books. I feel good making his cake for him.” Steven said he wanted a face on his Fire truck cake, so Andrew put one on for him.
I don't know how old you have to be to remember the gold spools, but they haven't been gone all that long -- it took me less than two minutes to find a representative sample in my own thread stash.
I started falling in love with you the moment I began to exist.
Women – cry over melodramatic movies.
Tools--Scor-Pal, Fiskars punches, CutterBee snips, Cuttlebug, Sizzix embossing folders
(No, that’s not what I call my penis. His name is secret. Don’t ask cuz I won’t tell.)
It was Ayelet's turn to choose the challenge this month, so I'll pass you onto her so she can tell you about the new challenge.
Ann Giles grew up in Sweden, quite a long time ago, and for want of something better to do she somehow managed to get a degree in English and Swedish at the university of Göteborg. Then, seeking a more interesting life she came to Britain, got married and had two children, enjoying the British weather and the food and last but not least, the people. Having only ever been any good at writing weird comments about what people get up to, she found that blogging is quite a good way to do it. And getting compliments from real writers is so nice that she may not stop just yet. But she is definitely not well versed in old Greek anythings. Sorry about that.
More pictures to come!
The premise to The Lifeboat is a simple one. We meet Grace who has spent three weeks drifting in the Atlantic ocean with 38 other people in a lifeboat. We join her story as she is on trial for murder after the lifeboat was rescued minus many of the original survivors. Grace has been married for ten weeks and a widow for six as her husband perished on the Empress Alexandra. That’s it, really. But from such a simple idea has blossomed a wondrously detailed and conflicting story.
I do not know this person, but nonetheless, was touched by the story. Go!
BBC Worldwide has announced that Arthur Darvill (Rory Williams), will be joining Matt Smith and Steven Moffat at the ultimate Doctor Who fan event in Cardiff’s Millennium Centre next March.
We kicked off with champers and butties at Mrs VR’s, ten minutes of living the princess life which I should surely be enjoying daily. I have my own pea and everything. The traffic goddess smiled on us (no policemen around) and we pulled up ten minutes later at a prime parking spot, swooshing past the proles who had to actually, like, walk, and strolled in, our important metal pins affording pleasing status. My handbag was pawed through by the guard, but sadly nothing of interest was found.
I’m not a big fan of warm weather, probably because I was born and raised in Florida. When I was a child growing up in Miami, we’d have very little variety between wonderful weather and fabulous weather (except for the occasional cataclysmic hurricane) and it got to be very boring. To this day, I remember the excitement one morning during my 17 years there when we awoke to find a clog of ice in the garden hose and a thin frost on the lawn. It was as close to a snow day as we’d ever get.
Of visual stimuli there is no dearth
I wanted to stop in and share another May Stamp of the Month card. I will be the first to admit that I am not much for coloring. But I LOVE this set! And the sentiments are so nice - a great value for just 5 bucks!
I see a name that references apology
Okay, with all of that as a rambling preamble (or an ambling preramble—take your pick), here are five points to ponder as we try to imagine a Crump-Gracey version of the Haunted Mansion.
Himself can squeeze this
The flavour was a little denser than a Languedoc Cinsaut. Young vibrant colour. Fresh cherry fruit with some spice and herbs on the nose and palate. Very intriguing fresh fruit, with some balancing acidity and tannin – a retail price of £8.95.
Chuck Hocter
P.S. I threw blackberries and vanilla in mine and had purple April Fools Day pancakes. Also I used Artisana cacao bliss on them instead of butter. I told you I was a chocolate junkie.
Schoolbag in hand she leaves home in the early morning
Topping my list of favorites right now are the following:
As the apostolic team left Thessalonica many lies were spread concerning their message and their conduct. Therefore it was necessary for Paul to give a defense of integrity of his ministry to Thessalonians. It is likely that the Jewish leadership played an active role in the accusations along with the Greek countrymen (vv. 14-16; c.f. Acts 17:5,6). The charges against him included his desire for personal gain in both finances and human acknowledgement.
On May 12, 2011, some minute measure of “justice” was given to the memory of the millions of concentration camp victims when Demjanjuk was convicted of accessory to the murder of 27,000 prisoners. He was sentenced to five years in prison with credit for the two years he had already spent.
Kona Brewing Co
Most of the time the answer is no.
Every couple of months, I take my adult daughter, and we join the local Free Thinkers group for a Sunday brunch. At the most recent meeting there was a newcomer male, apparently thrilled to escape religious pressure to blindly believe in things that he THOUGHT were wrong, or at least unprovable. He showed the same type of assumptions and non-thinking that he was trying to escape. He kept asking different people, “How long have you been an atheist?”, as if thinking, and believing in a higher being were mutually exclusive.
“And policemen are figures of authority,” said Pierre. “Like the Queen, who is a monarch – which is different to a monocle, which is different to a barnacle, which is different to a barn – very different.”
I had hoped to do this giveaway prior to Christmas. I had hoped to include a fun little interview with the author- one of my oldest and closest friends, Jim McCann. But book tours and holidays have kept Jim a little busy and it just never quite came together.
Photographers, or writers, need to have their very personalized vision and that's what you're selling.
Today’s appointed Gospel reading for this Saturday in the Octave of Easter is taken from the 16th Chapter of Mark. It concludes with a command from the lips of Jesus, given to his disciples, given to the whole Church, given to you and me assembled here today: “Go into the whole world and proclaim the Gospel to every creature.”
“The shaded area contains the decades we are studying 1960-2010, when the percentage of nonmarital births rose steeply throughout. But before that, hardly anything had changed since the first numbers were collected in 1917. Studies of the white family in earlier eras indicate that the line hugging the bottom of the graph 1917 to 1960 would have been flat all the way back to the Revolution. White children were conceived outside marriage at varying rates in different social classes, but hardly ever born outside marriage in any class.”
"This song kicks off with a solid riff and, even though it feels a little '90s, it is quite catchy. Vocal style is similar to Stereophonics, and lead guitar is similar to Oasis. 'Fly' is quite short, but is probably worth a look if you are a britpop fan."
Chapter two told me how the Tardis (Dr Who's time machine/space craft) could be bigger on the inside than on the outside, examined the possibility of teleporting, and then looked at how the doctor might manage his toilet facilities by describing exactly what goes on aboard the shuttle and space stations (it involves funnels, pipes, leg rests, clamps and vacuum suction).
Peru Travel Tip #004: When ordering over the phone, the phrase ¿Como va a cancelar? means (roughly), “How will you be paying your bill?”. The company wants to know what type of bills you will be paying with so they know how much change to send along with the driver.
between living my life as the mother of two lovely little ladybugs
Madeleine Hanna is also an incurable idealist. After graduation, she, along with her friends, seem somewhat perplexed by the “real world” they’ve finally entered. And it’s really no wonder: She lives in an intellectual circle made of Nietzche-reading classmates like Thurston and professors with names like “Zipperstein” and a boyfriend who makes fun of her drink preferences with quips like, “Sure. Martinis. We can pretend we’re Salinger characters.”
Uhuru is a word which the liberals like to associate with black freedom fighters rising up against white oppression, or which they use to evoke images of a rich African culture usually to the backing chants of village children or some lilting and sanitised voice of ethnic African revolution, such as the late Miriam Makeba
Just ahead, in the middle of my stride, a cat. Dead for some time, rotten, collapsed and bloated at the same time. It's eyes open and staring right at me, the rot all too clear. The smack in the face that is death struck me in mid air. My foot would have landed on the cat, and would have resulted in something quite disgusting. My leg reached and stretched, part stride, part long jump. All the time my eyes on its. My breath held, my heart banging. I saw the eyes as large as eyes could possibly be, as close as a dead thing could possibly be. Then I landed. I landed and I toppled and I fell with a smack into the railway line. I lay there stunned for a moment. My breath rasping in my chest and my brain trying to take back charge. It took a few minutes. I still glanced now and again down the line for a train. No train came. I left that place a long time ago, I'm still looking over my shoulder for the train.
My writing style tends toward the didactic. My first thoughts about how to compose a post about love for this blog carnival were in the vein of opening with a dictionary definition, followed by some Greek literary allusion(s) and definitions of the four types of love (agape, eros, philia, and storge) as delineated by our soi-disant philosophical ancestors, the Classical Greeks, then on to some more erudite, pontifical, literary excursions into an intellectually superficial explication of the abstract meaning of “love.”
I stared at the ice cream and frowned, backing away a step and stared at my step dad.
The age of hollow legged boys, tired in the morning but can stay awake all night type of boys.
3- Enormous wastes of Ian McShane as Blackbeard and Geoffrey Rush. I’m not saying that these guys deserve meatier material, but seriously. McShane played the greatest anti-hero in the history of television. I think he can handle a little more substance. Geoffrey Rush has a fucking OSCAR. He already played Barbossa to perfection a few times. Why was this one so stale?
Multiple-column layouts
I have been playing Poker now for quite awhile - well only five years but during those five years I have played maybe a million games or more and have played for 12 to 16 hours a day 7 days a week, either single table up to a max of playing four tables at once.
I spent all day up at the nursing school in CPR training class. It's a requirement for entering the upper-division sequence and rightly so. Healthcare workers take a more intensive form of the class, hence the eight hour length and my classmates and I were lucky to have a fellow nursing student as an instructor. Her stories and explanations were great.
Tonight was spent in quiet cries with the kids. They both seem to be doing okay right now, since they knew she was frail and elderly. Lucy is lost, though.
The evil system brought to Great Turtle Island in 1492 is shutting down. In “Masters of War” Bob Dylan said: “And I hope that you die and your death will come soon. I’ll follow your casket in the pale afternoon. And I’ll watch while you’re lowered down to your deathbed. And I’ll stand over your grave til I’m sure that you’re dead”.
One aspect of Korea he liked was the “respect for authority” that seems to be missing in the States. I wonder about these things. Is the respect for authority enforced heavily, or does it come naturally? Is there really more obedience in Korea than in the US?
The flower is another handmade one, where I took a thin strip of fabric, folded it in half along the length before make even snips into the folded edge. I rolled the strip into a coil, applied glue and it was good to go.
He’ll walk proudly on
That's my baby, Good Friday. All 307 pages of her single-spaced glory. I've been chipping away at her for the better part of the the year, but have finally hit my rhythm and expect to be within striking distance of a readable third(!) draft next month.
Lisa promised him she wouldn’t say anything and rolled the bottle back under her bed.
I can't believe how you've grown!
Back then there were auction rooms, car repairers, award winning drag racing cars made as a hobby by Number One Son's father and a salon set up by my hairdresser. It was shabby but it was useful. And some lovely, lovely buildings that are part of the town's industrial heritage.
Just call him Mr Sensual, Roger spins the best in classics. If you want to reminisce or be re-educated on the hits tune into Roger. Nobody caresses the airwaves with more sensuality.
"In short there's simply not, a more congenial spot for happily ever aftering,
I came to The Robert Shaw Chorale through their Christmas recordings. When I saw this record at the thrift shop, in good condition inside and out, I picked it up. It is not on CD.
I have been back and forth on posting pictures of my belly.
Another note of mine: A cheesecake definitely requires a stand up mixer, not the time to use a hand mixer and I have found that blending it for a long time makes for a much creamier cheesecake.
Buy Crest 3D Whitestrips, get $10 ECB (Limit 2)
By Nicholas Maurice Young, Ph. D.
The folks over at Synapse Films/Impulse Pictures are celebrating Nikkatsu Studios' 100th anniversary by releasing what they are calling The Nikkatsu Erotic Films Collection. They were nice enough to send me the first two volumes, Debauchery (1983) and True Story of a Woman in Jail: Sex Hell (1975). As some of my readers may know, Nikkatsu, Japan's oldest movie studio, made a business decision in 1971 to all but abandon traditional filmmaking for what they speculated would be a much more lucrative proposition: softcore pornography. They called it Romantic Pornography (Roman Porno for short), and, as planned, it was a big hit, despite a total lack of visible genitalia or even pubic hair. This is down to Japanese filmmakers' endless creativity when it came to depicting sexual activity -- it's amazing how hot a sex scene can be without ever seeing anyone's privates! Plus an effort was made to class things up with compelling storylines, decent acting and high production values.
“I repudiate, and I call on the President to repudiate, the concept of the 99 and the 1. It is un-American, it is divisive, it is historically false…You are not going to get job creation when you engage in class warfare because you have to attack the very people you hope will create jobs.”
What Does A Court Reporter Do?
Go to www.tinroof-productions.com because it is simply fantastic. I mean, anyone who is anyone has spent a large percentage of his/her day perusing the pages.
shared with us a few other notes about the Shelby: It's still claiming the most powerful production V8 in the world, although Koenigsegg would disagree about what defines "production." Unlike the peaky engines of years past, 90 percent of the GT500's power from the supercharged
Anyway, gushing aside let’s get on with the book review. Physics is not one of the easiest of the hard sciences to comprehend and understandably it has not generally sold very well in the popular science category. It has become a bit of a joke that a lot of people buy A Brief History of Time but rarely get beyond the first couple of chapters. Do Cox and Forshaw succeed any better than Hawking in explaining the brain-aching complexities of physics? Is the passion there? Is this book likely to get young people going in for physics in the way that Dawkins has inspired interest in biology? Perhaps…
This time around consumers want to have conversations with us and "co-create." All we have to do is give them "compelling content" and get all social with them.
One thing you won’t read a lot about in this volume is the Brooklyn Navy Yard, which was deemed beyond the scope of this guide and deserving of a book of its own. The role the Navy Yard played in shaping the character of the neighborhood, however — particularly the working class part known as Wallabout, is given its due.
But they’ve run into resistance from fellow dog owners and the run’s unofficial caretaker. It is also unclear which city agency is responsible for the waterfront property that Bugsy’s Dog Run sits on.
Now I just need to catch up a little.
Then there's the old standby, the email campaign. There's any number of email blast companies online, and many self-publishing companies also sell email services--for instance, Xlibris's email marketing campaigns, which range from $349 for a multi-author campaign and 200,000 addresses, to a jaw-dropping $9,996 for a "personalized" campaign and 10,000,000 addresses.
Later in the day wifesy said, “I should marry some random dude, just so we can get the deduction.”
Amy takes him down to the barn.
Anderson's channelling of epic medieval romance is excellent. His portrayal of the elves and fairy, his reminder that iron is anathema to them, and the sense of timelessness and chaotic transistasis that the fair folk inhabit is rendered quite well, and helps to create a wonderful sense of atmosphere. Readers should expect lots of magic, enchantment, monsters, spellbound castles, alluring sorceresses, and lots of other staples of romantic medieval adventure.
It’s easy to lose track of time when you’re crafting and I usually work late in the night so I don’t keep track, just go on till I’m finished. I’d say 6-7 hours but it’s probably more...
But, they never satisfied me the way he does.
It takes about 30 minutes total, including prep time.
The 'charge is based on the loss incurred by us.’ This claim is absolutely baffling. What loss?? The author pays Elm Publishing to publish their book, then charges them for returned books it claims ‘can not (sic) be delivered, because they are destroyed in the wholesale network to keep the costs low.” To keep whose costs low? – It certainly is not the authors. They are paying for books pulped at the distributors!
~A beautiful gallery wall (love those architectural prints)
HOW TO ORDER?
He looked toward the courtroom door.
As we approached Progressive Field, I tipped my cap to Bob Feller and dug through my pockets for the tickets that had been printed forty-five minutes prior. The National Anthem was being sung and the pyrotechnics crew was shaking off some of the rust that had accumulated over the prior winter months.
Our accommodations here are much more like bungalows.
nose and all, safe
Then I was out…
June 1978
9:21 - All the candidates are asked to define themselves in just one word. Paul: "Consistent." Santorum: "Courage." Romney: "Resolute." Gingrich: "Cheerful."
What have I given to _________________?
-Babies R Us, Baby Depot, and USA Baby usually carry American Baby and Baby Talk magazines.
He turned the car around a corner so sharply that the tyres screeched and she slammed against the door, and then they were going down a slope towards an underground garage. The car spun around in the brightly lit space, coming to a halt facing the exit, and the engine cut out. A grey shutter slowly rolled down, eclipsing the world outside.
As a medical transciptionist I sit here for many hours each day transcribing everything from infant chest x-rays to mammograms to CT scans, but some days it can be quite monotonous. I have always enjoyed a challenge and some days I wonder if I am not doing enough with my life.
“Honey, why is there a porcupine in the dishwasher?”
I hope you enjoy the card and are having a blessed day.
Vegetable Stock: Homemade Freebie
This first one is just a classic one, just to get us going on the right foot. It’s just so good, and deals with almost all of the issues that we’re going to be talking about. “Am I a Soldier of the Cross?“
As Hitler said, “How fortunate for governments that the people they administer don’t think.” BINGO! And that is the biggest problem in America. We don’t think! We no longer question! Anyone who does is branded a terrorist or subversive just like in the old Soviet Union. Same story on a different stage!!
Then they headed home for Oregon. They hit a snow storm and couldn't find their way, so they went down below 1,000 feet and followed the railroad tracks. His partner sat in the nose section and would yell, "TUNNEL" when he saw one and Lacey would climb over the mountain. They flew low enough to use street signs to guide them to Oregon.
In the meantime, Doesken encourages volunteers who observe large hail in Colorado to first report to the National Weather Service or to local law enforcement agencies. The National Weather Service can convey reports of damaging hail to a wider audience through National Weather Service alerts. Large-hail reports provide valuable ground truth which will be helpful for issuance of additional warnings.
From Lake Tekapo car park, turn left, pass the YHA and follow the lakeside trail. There was frost when I was hiking. The ground and plants were covered in icicles.
Again, as you become present fully in this feeling, check your locket… are colors appearing on your right side? If not, double-check that you have not snuck in some details… the mind can be tricky like that, until it is well-trained, and May is your last training ground, use it wisely.)
It could just be my mood today too....
So where are the parents while all this devil-worship happens? Working? No. Church activities? No. Parenting? Absolutely NOT. The parents are the ones funding it! They are fueling their kids' death because they don't know any better. Their kids' come to them for drug money, AND THEY WILLINGLY GIVE IT TO THEM! That's the same as selling them the drugs themselves!
To make it even better, there was a consignment shop a few storefronts away in the plaza. In ReStore I used my wheelchair; I knew we’d be there quite a while, but I loaded it in the van after that and walked to and through the consignment shop. That may well have been the longest time I’d been on my feet in ages. Hours later and I’m still good! Woohoo!! Of course we found more treasures there. We were both tired by this time and went out for a late lunch.
Chose to answer Him today! Put your time into what is really important. If God is calling you to change something and you know He is convicting you about something in your life, don't put it off for any longer. If He is calling you to surrender to His will, surrender. If He is calling just answer....no matter what!
1/3 cup roughly chopped pecans
With all of that being said, I'm thankful for the painful memories just as I am thankful for the happy memories. I am thankful for every piece of the puzzle that has led us to where we are and will lead us where we are going. I am finding peace and gratitude in knowing that our journey may not look like someone else's, but that doesn't make it any less beautiful.
I knew his birthday was coming up and I’ve really thought about what it is I would like to say about this massive constant in my life and really it comes down to this:
"Self-love is the only weight-loss aid that really works in the long run." - Jenny Craig
and today was his memorial
Schumpeter argues that the cycles *DO* interact.
Jared wears a "figure of eight" brace to help keep his shoulders in place, but it is uncomfortable. Seeing as he has to wear it for the next 6 weeks or so, I am trying to figure out if I can make him something a little more comfortable.
God is in the soul-saving business not the business of making one rich and successful. Caesar does that for his citizens if they follow his lead.
“So be it. Kill him.”
It's strange how insignificant my birthday is this year. Past years, I tried to blot out the pain of infertility and loss by packing it full of plans. I made sure to fill it with people and places that would make me smile, because I knew that by the end of the night I'd probably cry. This year, I've known it was coming up but there are no plans. I'm content with letting my birthday pass unacknowledged.
“I have always admired Lillian Bassman’s work and had the great privilege of spending an afternoon with her last September,” Persson says of the late fashion photographer, who died just last month. “I was so taken by her wit and strength and character and was so sad when I got the news she had passed away. Our interview must have been the last she ever gave.” As for Fonssagrives-Penn, he says, “I wanted to show an amazing side of her that is not so well-known, which is that of an artist. She was an incredibly gifted sculptor and painter; her work is my favorite of any artist.”
It’s so strange, to think of all the things we did together all the things he taught me, I guess I just always thought hed always be there. Always a call away with some great idea or funny joke to make the world seem more bearable..
Do you think about your overall purpose in life? What's your source of motivation for everything you have to do every day? Are you starting this week with a renewed spark of passion, a flexible plan and a healthy dose of positivity and determination?
Thank everyone who has reached out to me this past week, its means so much to me to know you are all lifting us up in your prayers or in loving thoughts. We will take all we can get during this rough time.
If you are looking for formal shirts for men then get it from the famous online shopping store that is Major brands. This reputable online shopping store in India offer massive deals and discounts on clothes for men, women and kids. Also, it has fashion products such as sunglasses, watches, cosmetics and handbags of top brands. You will find different types of colors, sizes and designs in formal shirts for men . There is latest variety available in formal shirts which you can see when you stumble upon the website at men’s section. For example, Giordano brand offers variety of formal shirts for men.
Whatever the truth of these claims, this is a good place to point out that, perhaps as a result of Masterman's innovation, the art galleries at the Imperial War Museum are an unexpectedly good place for lovers of 20th-century British art to visit.
reported by some foreign
I am sharpening my sword.
I have lost my house keys which is fairly annoying, as it also has work keys on, and given the snow that looks set in at the moment and the fact that most of my colleagues live far outside Exeter (ranging from Honiton to Bridgwater to Keynsham), if the road network fails us I might be having to try and break into the office on Monday morning.
This sounded weird at first insight. Chinese emperors had absolute political in their hands. Why do they have to share their power, then?
Dusting and vacuuming and tidying up
In our world, the interests of audiences come first and those of performers second, followed by the legitimate need of our venues to profit from having our shows.
I enjoyed this book as much as I found it annoying. The woman had no guts or any real special skill or purpose in this book except to become pregnant. She got in the way more often than not, and she in real life probably would have gotten her team killed. I understand that men were more piggish in their masculinity back in the 70′s (and before that) and that is why I am not going to call this book sexist (even though by today’s definition that is exactly what it is). It was written in a different time by a man who grew up in the relatively early 1900′s. His ideals reflect his age, and that makes his work ever the more important to read, know, understand, and appreciate. The word “ghoul” is something you just don’t hear anymore. Nobody uses that word, and yet Romero uses it in almost every page. I couldn’t help myself, I just found it amusing that it was used at all.
The Rabbis taught: "On coming from a privy (outdoor toilet) a man should not have sexual intercourse till he has waited long enough to walk half a mile, because the dæmon of the privy is with him for that time; if he does, his children will be epileptic."
I really appreciate getting picked for top spots, much cause for the happy dance... I know, that's not an image you needed, but I do!!
“For the record? I really don’t want to like you.”
Unfortunately the paper decided that the connection of certain serving Cllrs to such extremist organisations, was to be left out, omitting the last sentence of the letter.
I have loved fairies for longer than I remember, so wings were a natural thing to put on her (although she is not a fairy!). Then I came across a poem by Dylan Thomas and it all started to make sense.
My absolute favorite meals are the ones I get to have with close friends and family. I don’t really care whether it’s 100% paleo or not. As soon as Halloween is over people start putting up Christmas lights and buying Christmas presents and it makes me sick. Thanksgiving just kind of gets swept under the rug.
To his credit, the speaker went on to acknowledge the obvious fact that the orchestra's policies are both sexist and racist - but added that he believed these ills to be worth accepting. I would respectfully disagree.
Joy turned 2 on Friday after the storm and her party was planned for Saturday. She was very excited about the party and since we had power we went ahead with the plan. I was thankful for my pre-planning and only had a couple of things to finish to execute the party. The party went well and this week Rob is back at work and Joy is back at school. I will post pictures as soon as Rob puts the Mac back up and running, maybe he can make it my computer so I will have access all the time, and just maybe blog a little more!
Overall, I really enjoyed this novel. I like the strange and wonderful characters that were revealed throughout the course of the book. While I wish the connection between the two plots had been revealed a bit sooner in the novel, I did enjoy how everything came together in the second half of the novel. I hope that Patrick Somerville will consider writing a sequel because I enjoyed the characters and would really like to know what happens next.
But they didn't respond to that email, nor to the one after that, or the one after that, or to the phone call by the book's original editor with that line, or—after we'd let the situation sit for a year—to the query after that.
Until I caught a glimpse of it again during a slumber party in 7th grade.
03. In the hearts of men 4:14
Decker responded, "In my ideal world, you would build only on the railyards. There would be no eminent domain. It would be three 25-, 35-story tall buildings, a central courtyard, New York typology... and I think you'd have a vibrant, active place." (Left unsaid was that an arena cannot be built solely on the railyard, and the scale of the project has been driven in part by the need to include affordable housing, which itself was needed to gain political support.)
Humanitarian science
(1) Set very strict deadlines for your day. If your kids are coming home in the afternoon, be very efficient in the morning. Alternatively, if your baby is napping in the afternoon, be efficient at that time.
The picture isn't the best, but I used my cell phone instead of my camera.
He believed that pleasure was the sole good and pain was the sole evil in the world.
Cain killed his brother Abel by slitting his throat, as one would in animal slaughter. The two men were Adam and Eve’s sons; so, murder — as horrible as it is — appears very early in the Bible. It demonstrates that there are wicked minds in the world capable of death and destruction.
Another mineral contained in the Dead Sea is sulphur, a key component of acid rain, and you've probably seen what that does to statues.
“Really, you are like so gross, why don’t you just stop it?” He stared all slack-jawed for awhile and then turned around to face his whatever and that was the end of that. Because even then I instinctively knew, had I said, all playing nice like the correctors and other bullies of adoptees, which include some adoptees claim, had I just said “Hey boy, be nice, he why don’t you just stop, or hey I would really appreciate it if you didn’t spew your grossness all over my afternoon that I want to make clouds in” It would have ended with him justifying. Telling me that Asians really were ugly, that they really were bad drivers. It would have reinforced his ugliness.
Simple things!
I recently read this article in the NY Times which inspired me to pick up a jar of coconut oil at Whole Foods. Like many of you, I had previously associated coconut oil with high calories, trans fats, and the whole movie-theater-popcorn-popped-with-coconut-oil-is-worse-for-you-than-six-Big-Macs scandal of the 1990s. But, as the article states, many scientist are now backtracking and re-evaluating coconut oil, now focusing on virgin, expeller-pressed coconut oil, instead of the hydrogenated stuff that they used to pop that movie theater popcorn.
ekbensah@ekbensah.net
For those of you who are starting to notice shadows, pay attention to the B00 and BG93 that I threw into the shadows. I did this to liven up the shadows and liven up the artwork. Note that I also added YR30 and B00 into the highlights. I added the rough sketchy lines in the background to liven those areas up as well. You probably don't notice much of this at first, but it helps to add variety to the whole. I did very little blending on this illustration, except for the purple/gray marker label, and even then I tried to keep it sketchy.
He's either going to have to start cleaning up the mess or train Molly too :)
On joining online contest we lost on some, but we also won big time on a few of the contests. Last year was the luckiest year for both of us. We had won on several contests and because of those prizes we had paid off some of our long time debt. I do believe in this saying wholeheartedly, "Share your blessings with others." Whenever we receive a blessing we never fail to give back something to other people, to church or to charity.
It makes me feel better to eat fattening foods that are minus additives/preservatives!!
3. NLT se: Probably the most readable dynamic/ functional translation without crossing the line into paraphrase.
Mary didn't try to replot my novel or redesign my characters, but she did point out when I was heading for trouble:
like a grandfather clock, chopping up the silence,
They had a few items by an artist who perfectly captured the camaraderie of the old mining communities in south west Durham - Alistair Brookes. Huge, white canvasses, with shadowy black figures of miners on their way to work: the dignity of labour acutely caught in vinyl. And not a whiff of bleach to be had anywhere.
They don't have to do anything or be anything but themselves, just being here is all I care about.
Once again Jeff’s stuff was junk in the back of our truck. We billed him for the service, told him to keep his head up and hit the road.
It's amazing what we put ourselves through.
Sweet Pea Stamps Wings of Love from the Joanne Schempp collection
How do you explain what Life is about?
CSN is letting me treat one of you lucky bloggy folks to a nice helping of 35 e code to shop at CSN! Now,How nice is that! Those people are just wonderful,huh?
As we have seen in the last week from the outcry following the release of a couple of YouTube videos in which someone with a camera did nothing more than walk through a couple of London boroughs filming what they saw, racism can be no more than revealing the truth.
Partnership not membership
There is talk of reputations and we are all guilty of jumping to conclusions about people. Do you think your characters are more critical of themselves or of others?
at a scrap forum, so this is my card for that.
The 12 raw images I took into ACR and processed them all exactly the same and saved as jpg files. These 12 jpg’s were loaded into StarStax and blended on lighter mode. This was fine, the ISS trail was night and bright but the cloud movement was nasty and not smooth. To get around this I stacked the 12 images again using the “average” method which gave a much more pleasing image with the clouds but a faint ISS trail. I then blended the first image into this on lighten mode and decreased the exposure until only the bright ISS trail and stars remained. The resulting image was flattened and tweaked in photoshop to produce the final image.
Complementing Beck’s guitar work on several tracks will be a 64-piece orchestra. The legendary rocker says the idea to bring in an orchestra evolved from his work on Gustav Mahler’s Symphony No. 5, which he recorded a few years ago.
By the way, RPI is currently 5.6%, and a more realistic measure of the financial increases people actually have had to shoulder. Some people will tell you that USS had no choice but to switch to using CPI instead of RPI because the scheme follows the measure used by official pensions, and so when official pensions switched to CPI, then our pension had to too. This is partly true, but it was also within the power of our trustees to break the link with official pensions.
Hubbard: we need to cut taxes and
Gandolfini told Vanity Fair: ‘When I first saw the ending, I said, ‘What the f***.
This has quickly become one of my most perfect and favorite scents to wear. It is the just right fragrance to transition from Winter into Spring and to carry me through till Summer.
As an actress (in what people and critics would consider a scary film) – what has the reception been like for you?
The foregoing quotes bespeak the pre-occupation of some religions and psychology of that day (and perhaps even today) with “self-help,” “suggestion,” “auto-suggestion,” “hypnotism,” “new thought,” “moral psychology,” “relaxation techniques,” “inward transfer,” “re-education of the conscious powers,” and “psychotherapeutics” See Elwood Worcester, Samuel McComb, Isador H. Coriat. Religion and Medicine: The Moral Control of Nervous Disorders. NY: Moffat, Yard & Company, 1908. These psychological approaches have frequently been claimed as a new approach to Christian religion and sometimes been mislabeled “conversion” cures. See Elwood Worcester and Samuel McComb. The Christian Religion as a Healing Power. NY: Moffat, Yard and Company, 1909. The Emmanuel Movement stands as one example. See Leslie D. Weatherhead. Psychology Religion and Healing. NY: Abingdon-Cokesbury Press, 1951. But the cure that comes from “altering” or “re-educating the subconscious” is not the cure that Christians ascribe to salvation, putting on the mind of Christ, and acting with belief in and obedience to God’s Word. See as to healing consummated in Christ: Isaiah 53:3-5; Matthew 8:16-17; 1 Peter 2:24; as to the new man in Christ: 2 Corinthians 5:17-18; as to putting on the new man—the mind of Christ: Romans 12:2, Ephesians 4:23, Colossians 3:10; and as to claiming cure by belief: Mark 16:16-21; Hebrews 4:14-16; 1 John 5:4-5; William Law. The Power of the Spirit. PA: Christian Literature Crusade, 1971; E. W. Kenyon. Jesus The Healer. WA: Kenyon’s Gospel Publishing Society, 2000; Ethel R. Willits. Healing in Jesus Name. Detroit: Ethel R. Willits, Evangelist, 1931; James Moore Hickson. Heal the Sick. London: Methuen & Co., 1925. The latter two Christian healing books were owned, studied, and circulated to AAs by Dr. Bob.
Unclenches and becomes a kiss
1. Pineapples, .99/ea. at Newflower (through 12/15/10)
Our bodies have agreed to make this transition with us, but let’s give them some extra acknowledgement and support. They’ve been working hard! When was the last time you thanked your cells? When was the last time you loved your liver? Your teeth? Your spine? When was the last time you gave yourself a hug and showed appreciation for the miracles of life happening every moment inside your temple?
Today my "picky" thoughts are running wild after listening to a broadcast on foster care. My sister and her husband, after having two children of their own, made the decision to take babies into their home through foster care. A noble thing to do. In essence, they are "picking" children who may feel "unpicked". Each child is brought into their home and cared for and loved as their own. They are given the very best and an abundance of love! The message overflowing in their home is, "You are worth it! You are chosen! You are picked! You are not disconnected or separated. You are part of us."
The muse returned when Lexi’s oldest child was a toddler and Lexi has been writing ever since. After piling up an impressive number of rejections on her first book, a fantasy romance that she worked on for more than ten years, Lexi decided to try her hand at something else. The result was Demon Hunting in Dixie, a paranormal romance about demon hunters in the Deep South. The muse is very happy, and so is Lexi.
For those of you who are looking for a shortcut to a homemade dessert, this is your recipe. We’re talking majorly easy – like Pillsbury cookie dough. Also, I have to confess that I topped all of this off by putting chocolate syrup on it. Ahem.
How might the government address the downsides to any changes
"This Much " is an apt name , then, for a new campaign aimed at educating Australians about the risk of childhood drowning. About being vigilant not just when at the pool or beach, but when our kids are in the bath or playing with a bucket under the backyard hose. Being able to hear them is not quite good enough - we need to be watching them too.
Maria :)
Our little girl can now hear horns honking, dogs barking and more importantly, her mommy and daddy's voices. I've been talking and singing to her all along, but now I know she can hear us. She has also been given a special little nickname. I'm sure you've heard of the Cookie Monster, well this little lady has officially earned the name Kicky Monster. She kicks so much throughout the day! I have to say that I do love it because it lets me know that she is okay.
And I mean what a goddamn tech tree, right? Again: Clean, beautiful, functional. I love it when games like this realize that accessible UI is what you need to feel like an in-control ruler. If I’m governing by Excel I am not going to feel cool.
While it is the word that most quickly comes to mind when I think of many (not all, certainly) past Caine Prize nominees, I am also suspicious of it, because it seems to hide an utterly subjective evaluation behind a somewhat objective-sounding statement and also to close down a discussion of what, exactly, caused the evaluator to have such a feeling: what in the text failed to evoke a response in a reader due to that reader's expectations of texts, knowledge of contexts, and experience of life and reading.
DT: Randy Starks; Tony McDaniel; Kheeston Randall
Had been going out 1-2 times weekly to various restaurants and buffets
Paul absolutely adores his baby niece and is so incredibly gentle with her. One of Lise and Bjorn's friends (Tilda's mum and dad) admitted that she was a little trepidatious when she first met Paul but once she saw how careful he was with Tilda she had no qualms when he asked to hold her baby who's just 9 months. I'm glad she let him; it gives him such a confidence boost to know that people trust him.
My mind full of the right thoughts! I think only on those things that are pure, prefect, just and of good report. I reject every negative thought, and I submit my mind and my reasoning faculties to the Word of God, and to the Holy Spirit, in Christ Jesus! Amen!
36 calling (or colly) birds,
When I was in school, back in the 70's and 80's, gym was too focused on competitive sports. For a kid like me who was a little overweight and a whole lot uncoordinated, the competitiveness of gym sucked all the fun out of it. I hated coming in last in almost every race. I hate swinging and missing almost every time I was up to bat. I hated seeing the volleyball come toward me and just knowing I was going to miss volleying it. I dropped out of gym classes as soon as I could, which did nothing to help the whole uncoordinated/overweight thing. I defined myself as someone who wasn't very good at sports. I gave up even trying.
I have long heard that watching people sign is like watching a dance. It is an art form as well as its very own language with its own grammar and syntax. ASL is not Signed Exact English.
"They have not once wavered but, every day, mix the professionalism of which we are all so proud with deep commitment and determination."
Now she's starting to sound like a kettle boiling.
If you want to go all you do is believe
Arsenal were to host FC Barcelona or the “BarcAliens” as Gooner Daily calls them.
Most American readers will be familiar with the Islamic charity known as the Holy Land Foundation, whose directors were convicted on one hundred and eight charges of terrorism financing in November 2008.
There is a gathering of swans further upstream, just visible as long necks and floating white bodies against the backdrop of grey-green water and tree foliage. It is so much quieter than being at home. We live in a small town, a place where city people wonder "What do you DO here?" Getting enough quiet doesn't seem an issue, but being out of range of traffic and electronics adds a layer of calm I had forgotten. It is lovely...soothing.
Oh yeah... I'm a slacker.
Also, the report notes that economic recovery has generally been strongest where growth in government jobs, including military jobs, has been greatest, while the loss of government jobs has coincided with weak recoveries. Even the most indispensable government jobs must be paid for through taxation, and the dollars that are spent on these cannot be invested in new private-sector jobs, cannot be used to start new businesses, and cannot be saved. Is the dependence of the recovery upon tax dollars removed from the private economy a good long-term investment for the American taxpayer?
Ryan: calling people “poor” makes it seems like
You’re the prettiest
Men should drive the tanks, fly the jets and fight the wars.
Osborne's dissatisfaction is an individualist reaction against the consumer society and nostalgia for a lost past rather than political. Many of his later plays were studies of individuals or groups not comfortable in the world they were in because of a sense of betrayal of moral and aesthetic standards in a culture being over run by the mass produced and the second-rate.
Remember Dr Hyman’s “Diabesity” (3-13-12), well I bought the book and got online and contacted his people, took the tests he offered and got a bonus or two which are nice. When I looked into it all, It is a lovely plan, but I have stepped so far down the raw (uncooked) path, I’m frankly not interested in taking up another another “way” of doing stuff, when what I’m doing is working pretty darned well. They have their supplementation things as well and I’m not into that for now. If one receives from food all that one needs, why supplement?
Arham! You sound like some bollywood hero who always gets to know if his girl was in some trouble. And then he smiled at his own lame joke. Maybe he was taking things a bit too seriously. Maybe there was nothing to worry about. Maybe.
Direct the winds of passion to your goal
though the film strains to depict the clash of Holmes and Moriarty in Biblical terms, their personalities are too thinly drawn to sustain the hero-villain myth Doyle created.
Ava's mother gets ovarian cancer and dies. Grandpa Sawtooth is placed in a home a month before her death. Ava starts doing her mother's act. A new theme park called The World of Darkness opens on the mainland and Swamplandia's visitors drop off dramatically. It is easier to get to (tourists have to take a 40 minute ferry to get to Swamplandia). Ava rarely thinks "dad" --- she usually thinks "the Chief" instead.
"You've Got a Friend in Me" (Toy Story) (Music and lyrics by Randy Newman)
So, big words coming from a childless woman right? Check back in on me in a few years….we’ll see how my life lessons are panning out. Viva la roller skates!!!
Thanks so much for stopping by. Please leave a comment. Thanks, Anne
What other plans do u have for 2011? Tours? Shows? Naked skydiving?
And so we are off to the US for our elopement. Which worries me slightly. Because we could end up in Mexico, and then WHO KNOWS what might happen on the honeymoon?
When Tammy’s daughter started dressing as a girl for the first time at the age of 16 on her walk to school, people would shout from their cars: “Girl with a cock!”, “Tranny!” and “Man-beast!”. “At her school they were shocked but they were wonderful,” remembers Tammy. “It was explained to all the year groups that it was a condition and not a choice. They explained the effect it had on her and that bullying would not be tolerated. The kids were great. It was the parents saying they didn’t want a freak in school with their child.”
This article looks at incorporating Kaiju into 'Form Line of Battle', as this happens to be my favourite set of rules for this period. You can purchase them from A&A Game Engineering. They offer quick games, limited book-keeping and an unusual sailing system based around random movement distances. It was inspired by the waterline not-Godzilla figure, Torgon, made by Khurasan Miniatures.
P.P.S. We also got really good at picking out yummy gelato flavors. I think downtown Portland needs a gelato food cart.
Why they work: Trading for Youkilis would make sense for the Phillies if two or more of Howard/Utley/Polanco/Rollins are shelved near the trade deadline. Unfortunately for the Phils, this is a very plausible scenario. Philadelphia is in for a divisional dogfight – it looks like Atlanta and Washington are both for real. This could spur the Phillies to make a panicked trade to bolster their stagnant lineup. Acquiring Youkilis would not only fortify their infield, but also afford them the choice of exercising Polanco’s mutual option at season end, and/or pursue a deal with Youkilis. Domonic Brown was the #4 ranked prospect by Baseball America pre-2011, and he was ranked #15 pre-‘10. His value has taken a hit after he struggled in 2011, and he hasn’t really hit his stride yet in 2012. Philadelphia probably isn’t planning on incorporating him into their plans for this season, and this could possibly be a good buy-low opportunity for a blue chip prospect. The Phils also have another highly touted outfield prospect in Jonathan Singleton, so you might be able to convince them to relinquish Brown. If the Phils scoff at Boston’s proposal, Trevor May (#69 prospect pre-’12) is a solid Plan B.
You know what I'm most interested in?
Five 3 month deployments = 450 days deployed.
Today, when my boss lured me away for an office errand, they surprised me with Heavy Machinery. (ok, really is was medium heavy machinery, but still!!!)
So, there's my mystery. Who left this nice chicken bone sitting on the side of the road? Were they waiting to see if it would get to the other side?
Overtaking chance: Low
The court went astray in my opinion in its interpretation of “distribute” in Section 106(3), which it held to be synonymous with the term “publication.” The term “publication” is defined in relevant part as “the distribution of copies or phonorecords of a work to the public by sale or other transfer of ownership, or by rental, lease, or lending.” But this doesn’t mean the logic flows the opposite direction, that a distribution is also a publication. But since the court held it did, the court was also stuck with holding that the offer to distribute a phonorecord is also a distribution, and the court’s discomfort with this obvious anomaly led it to place practical limits on its holdings, limits that don’t mesh with equation of distribution of publication, including finding that plaintiffs had not adequately stated a claim of further distribution, i.e., that plaintiffs had not adequately made out a making available. The court’s ruling nevertheless leaves open the possibility that having a work in a shared folder without authorization for it being there might be infringing, even if no one ever downloads it from that file.
There are several movies that didn’t make the top five but were worthy of mentioning here. Beetle Juice (1988) was one of Tim Burton’s most bizarre and delightful films, and the delightfully kitschy afterlife still resonates with hipsters everywhere – I would love to do the calypso to Harry Belafonte in the next life. The Ghost and Mrs. Muir (1947) explored the love between the dead and the living much more believably than the over-earnest (and in the case of Demi Moore, overacted) Ghost. A Christmas Carol (1938) is my all-time favorite holiday film but doesn’t make this list because it is the Spirits that are the central supernatural characters, not Jacob Marley’s ghost. Finally, 13 Ghosts (2001) had some truly terrifying images but just missed because the means of seeing the dead people came with wearing special glasses, and this list is organic if nothing else.
“Great,” I tell him, in an oddly genuine way. Greg and I, we have different approaches in doing business. That doesn’t mean we can’t be pals. Although amplified during his ten minute display of masculinity, for the most part this is actually how he carries himself, albeit in a much lighter way. I’m guessing that’s the point in having us come in today. The real lesson – the unspoken lesson – for the day is to show these recent college grads the wide array of personalities the younger sales members bring to the table. How we bring value. There’s no one way to do this. Know your role, learn the business, and figure out your persona in the process. If the trainers wanted to have some mundane presentation about the roles of a Sales Associate, all three of us wouldn’t have been asked to be present. There are only so many ways to talk about fielding scenarios, creating Excel documents, and detailing the finer points of fetching mid-morning coffees for our team members.
across the inky stillness
Gravatte has been painting a series of canvases featuring 'site specific' scenes around and about Sierra Madre. The first in the Sierra Madre series was “The Old North Church” painted in 2004. Using oils she paints in a Contemporary Traditional style with a touch of Impressionism - making pencil sketches, studies and painting on site - with the exception of huge canvases which are painted in the studio. She has painted a canvas for us for our Art Fair. The site was chosen, with much thought, by the Art Committee as a treasured view of our town and our mountain Jones Peak. Entitled “It’s A Good Life”, the painting can now be seen hanging in the Library reference room. Gravatte will have a booth at the Art Fair so stop by her booth to see some of her other lovely work and maybe take a painting home.
The Amsale gown with floral notes, the natural setting, the cascading flowers, all weave together to reflect the couple's sweet story. Take a peek at the lovebirds as they celebrate tying the knot in a botanic haven in the Big Apple ...
Is your home safe for you and your love ones to live? Please before you answer yes, ask yourself the following questions. It is a path to home development and safe environment.
After hearing a talk on moments of insight Beeman decided to look for a way to test for them. He devised a number of brain teasers. Here's one:
The Science of the Undead (interview) -
But it was the 2010 season opener that created shock waves throughout the football world. Foster carried the ball 33 times for 231 yards and 3 touchdowns. The nation asked, ‘Who is Arian Foster?’ Many in the Vol Nation asked ‘That fumbling fool rushed for 231 yards?’ By the end of the season, every football fan knew who Arian Foster was — he finished that campaign by winning the rushing title with over 1,600 yards (and over 600 receiving yards). It was the most yards from scrimmage by an undrafted player in the history of the NFL. He was a Pro Bowler. And for perhaps the first time in his football career, he was universally loved by the footballing world. But more importantly, he gained the respect of the football world.
The Newscorp ‘do what you have to do’ culture permeated every sweat gland in Andy Coulson’s body. But of the main element in that culture – the one thing that made it possible – he apparently knew nothing.
The others arrived and we followed with a round of (what else at Harry’s?) bloody marys. The bloody mary’s are good – I prefer mine a bit spicier (again easily rectified by just asking). My fellow drinkers really liked them, but bemoaned the lack of “stuff” in them (celery, etc) and a neighbor complained that it had too much of the “brown stuff” (Worcestershire, I imagine?)
returns to the common source.
In the fuzzy days of my youth, something new always was seen as a good thing. The promise of new technologies, new techniques, new inventions was a better life and ever increasing standard of living, for everybody. My whole life has been…well…about new.
3. The eddy has a core of warm water, and rotates clockwise as it moves west across the gulf. Clockwise-rotating eddies in the northern hemisphere are called anticyclones.
So what is it? Devine intervention? Coincidence? Luck?
Upping the rhetoric, information minister Ndlovu at the weekend told the Herald that the cholera outbreak ravaging Zimbabwe was the result of a biological warfare attack by Britain.
12:46 a.m.: An online rumor reports that President Touré is holed up in the Djicoroni paratrooper base, where he used to be the commanding officer. But I’m also hearing that he has denied via Twitter that a coup has taken place.
The comments tended to overlap one another as the distillers and the regular distillery staff went from one still to another in the line of five that dominates the 1790s-style building that was recreated and opened in the fall of 2006.
OCCUPY CHRISTMAS AT ZUCCOTTI (like Brookfield would say 'yes').
Yeah, A few things were used, but I'm not above that (namely the jsk and cutsew). So long as I like it and it's not damaged or have giant sweat stains or something, I'll probably buy it. Overall not a bad haul for $300. I think it went slightly over budget (I blame shipping), and the grand total was like $308. I needed some accessories, so I bought a lot of those. Pics, but none of the petticoat, too poofy to contain...
1. I will be married for 6 years this September to my love who I really found by chance. Really showed me that there is fate.
Matthew 10:34-38
I like this tying together of the religious pattern of life with the agricultural way of life. Even if I no longer follow the Catholic faith, I understand the rhythms and meaning behind it, and I really like seeing how it is based on the seasons. It's the pattern of the year, and finding the right pattern that makes how we live make sense, is important to me. I want to live more in the seasons, acknowledging the ebb and flow of life around me, especially here in the city where I have to look a little harder to see it. I really like what she says about resolutions growing better now, as we plant seeds and see life blossom all around us. It makes more sense. I have to wait until the long weekend in May before I can plant any new seeds, roots or bulbs in my garden - we can have frost as late as that, here. Until then, however, I will be watching my lilac tree blossom, my irises and garden come to life.
Now you need to have a knife, towel, and hot water next to you for this. Take the knife and put it into the hot water for a second, then dry it with the towel. Carefully score the top layer only (chocolate layer). With each score you make, you must warm the knife in the water, then wipe it clean. It is important to do this so that when you cut into the bar, the middle layer of cream doesn’t smoosh out and mess up the whole bar. Trust me, it works great!
And all my children were lovely today. None of them pooed either.
“Because the God who said, ‘Out of darkness light shall shine’, is the One who shined in our hearts to illuminate the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ.” II Cor. 4:6
UPDATE 16 April 2010: Alt-Right's ongoing construction of a fictional Auster is Auster's lame reply to "ignorant and off-base statements about me". He complains that:Every time an article about me appears at Richard Spencer's website Alternative Right, which is not an infrequent event, it attributes to me, without evidence, without any quotations from my writings, views that I do not have and that I have never stated and that frequently are the opposite of my actual views. There have been so many such false attributions, particularly in Richard Spencer's long article, "Austercized" (which I only gave a careful reading recently, after Spencer's podcast interview of me), and in Richard Hoste's blog entries about me, and it would take so much work and time to reply to them all, and there are so many more pressing and more interesting things to write about, that I've put off replying to them so far, though I will try to get around to it.
With leading Hollywood directors and Washington political figures leading the way, America is quickly returning to the paganism that shrouded the world in spiritual darkness for millennia. May God help us heed the warning of the apostle Paul, found in Holy Scripture, who warned that the worship of nature in ancient times was the result of turning from the worship of the one true God who created nature in the first place:
You see, it all begins with leadership.
It’s about using technology in service of story, not as a toy at the expense of solid storytelling. It’s about using technology in service of reporting. Crowdsourcing and engaging with audiences, followers, after a story publishes are critically important to the newsgathering and dissemination processes.
- Think to hold back your belly: for example, if you need to pick something up, flatten your belly first, then kneel. Similarly, to stand up, flatten your belly then push hard on your legs without leaning forward.
"You know it's summer in Ireland when the rain gets warmer."
*Prawn paste chicken or “shrimp paste chicken”: popular in Hong Kong-style restaurants in Singapore and Malaysia. Incorporates puréed shrimp and ginger juice into its breading mixture.
By amending our constitution the state requires law enforcement officers are now making regular use of roadside field sobriety tests, or FST's. These tests are designed to assist the officer informing the south carolina unemployment seneca can attempt to visit is the south carolina unemployment seneca if you refuse to provide a breath sample, or register over 0.15, your license restored until your hearing. At this hearing the south carolina unemployment seneca in this state. Here you are stopped and asked to submit to chemical testing, you must do so. However, you have refused chemical testing. If you are not as if you enjoy communing with nature, then take a look at them by moving from your home on the south carolina unemployment seneca of the south carolina unemployment seneca, the south carolina unemployment seneca or her former position with back pay. S.C. Code § 41-15-510. The protected activities include filing a complaint, instituting a proceeding, or testifying about OSHA violations. Any employee who has chosen this university.
Thanks to LeeAnna Shepherd for the Groucho picture!
Talking of which, yesterday we took a walk to the park en famille. The eldest had his bike, the other 2 had their nifty scooters. I ran most of the way trying to keep up with buddy and to stop him meeting his untimely death on the main road. So it got me thinking of doing this (with appropriate clothing of course) during the Easter Holidays. However, the children had other plans today.
Birth is as safe as life gets Dr Pesce. The therapeutic use of self as a health care practitioner is what makes both life and birth safer. As Barbara Katz Rothman says "birth is about making strong and capable mothers". Time to stop pulling the rug from under women's sense of self with all this 'turf war' rhetoric! Since pregnancy and birth are truly natural states, and are not, per se, reliant on outside management, the woman has a basic natural right to maintain personal control over primary level decisions, including if and when she goes to hospital. The midwife is the professional care provider with the skill and the ability to attend births at home. If a position statement which is endorsed by the regulatory authority effectively restricts the midwifery profession to attending only home births that meet criteria for being at ‘low risk’ from a clinical/obstetric perspective, a significant number of women will be either excluded from making an informed decision about home birth, or they may engage the services of unregulated attendants and continue to plan home birth. Neither of these options is in the interests of the mother’s and her baby’s wellbeing.
Every once in a while I read a book and then feel very intimidated about reviewing it, because I’m afraid I just won’t be able to do it justice. This is one of those books.
Let's start with the night before I left the States. I had 4 containers that were inch-per-inch the maximum allowed dimensions per Delta's regulations. Do you think they had a single thing packed in them at 6pm? Yeah, not hardly. You see, I get crazy anxious when things are all done and I'm just sitting there waiting on the next thing. In this case, the next thing would have been getting in the car and heading to the airport. Sleep isn't even factored in, because I don't sleep when I'm anxious. That being said, I started packing at around 7pm. I didn't have the fancy scales that you hook to the luggage and get a nice digital number for how many pounds you have. Nope, I used the old fashioned method - me and the floor scales. I just weighed myself then got Melinda to hand me the container to see how close I was to 50lbs. The clothes I packed for the kids and the stuffed animals were all in space saver bags. Some of them were 15-20lbs each. I think the containers were like 5lbs each to begin with. So we packed and weighed and removed and added and weighed again.
8. Being Trusted are Give . if you giving somebody , you will be recive back .
“C’mon, I know you’re in there! I’m not leaving until you open the door!” Cari demanded.
Question is, if you don’t have your own office where you can close the door, is the bathroom a judgement-free zone?
Well, it's time for me to head back to a secondary world, clearly, since all of my novels this month took place in some incarnation of earth - either a historical version, or a futuristic version, or a right now version! On earth, I went to Canterbury, and Canada, and Yorkshire amongst others. I would most like to live in Conrad's house in A Girl's Guide to Kissing Frogs - a truly spectacular and down at heel mansion in Northumberland.
Car sales have been poor since 2007 with owners postponing changing their cars which are most likely to be reliable and durable enough to hold onto. If their car is something like a Focus, Astra, Scenic, Zafira then their versatility probably still suits, whilst engine efficiency and general running costs have been good enough. Who’d pay thousands even tens of thousands to change their cars for the same type of car with small improvements?
Mechanique: A Tale of the Circus Tresaulti is Genevieve Valentine's just released debut novel. It is quite an original piece of fiction and once I found my footing in the world I carried away with the circus . I'm nearly done with it and although it is short I can't bring myself to finish it as this is a world unlike any others. The style challenges the reader like few do as it is at once both beautiful, mystifying, and horrifying. I'll hold most of my thoughts until my final review, but if you couldn't tell I think quite highly of Valentine's work. The closest comparison I can think of is Jeff VanderMeer's Ambergris books as Mechanique is a very fractured story jumping around in time and also perspective.
And just at the moment when someone at my side says,
As you all know, Sinjin is a vampire and as such, I wanted him to be shrouded in mystery. To me, vampires are the most seductive, manipulative and mysterious of Underworld creatures and I didn't want Sinjin to stray from this model very much.
But I've decided that I'm still going to carry the Big Ass Wallet from now on because this cute little pink sucker is too easy to misplace.
== So.... BS? or not-BS? ==
Deanna Sellyeh - I always had design related interests but I didn't know that interior design was a career until relatively late in the game. If you'd asked me at age ten, I probably would have said I wanted to design cars or be a carpenter.
Zongalero (Fell 22nd); 1982 Sun Lion (Fell 3rd); 1983 Spartan Missile (Unseated 22nd); 1984 Spartan Missile (16th); 1985 Classified (5th); 1986
This torturous date isn't over, though, and it continues back at Sylvia's place, where the halting conversation continues and Sylvia gets drunk on sherry, working up her courage to seduce the seemingly asexual Peter. His prim manners are memorably skewered in a subtly funny shot of him sitting down with a full cup of coffee, carefully balancing the liquid, pausing for a moment to let it steady, and then slowly crossing his legs. In contrast, Sylvia, though she's also shy and quiet, is much less repressed; she can be playful, and there's a hint of mischief in her frequent smiles. She's also lovely, and Leigh makes this a very sensual scene for Sylvia, her pale face floating in the darkness, her bare legs pulled up under her as she lounges on the couch, her posture an invitation for Peter to come sit next to her. Peter is oblivious, though, blathering on about Marshall McLuhan and language and design. Finally, in an extraordinary moment, Sylvia, flushed with sherry, tentatively tries to shame him into intimacy: "if we were able to... touch each other... it wouldn't be so bad."
Please pray for Beau and Jessica as they go through this ordeal. It will be a long 6 months but Beau is strong and facing this with a positive attitude.
1 de Octubre,2010
Repeat CHORUS
When he glanced into the rearview and noticed Audrey seething at him, he sighed. “Don’t worry your pretty little head. I’ll get you there, Princess. Deal? Okay. Deal.”
We are all ready to settle down, relax and enjoy the company of family and friends.
come again some hot summer day
I love teapots! I think everything about them and tea parties are absolutely adorable. That is why for my 18th birthday my mom got me these absolutely adorable tea party cake Betsey Johnson earrings that I simply adore. But this necklace is just so cute and would look so cute with a t-shirt and jeans and boots in the fall. Its got a bit of simple elegance because of the bead and a bit of whimsy because of the tea kettle style. Love it!
1. Project Participants Information, address, phones, email, and license #s 2
His boss, Michael Ignatieff, wants to recall the parliamentary defence committee this summer to debate this matter – especially the deal’s secretive manner.
Part of making sure a blog becomes popular is making sure there is a way for people to link back to you. So how do you do that? You can just upload your logo into your sidebar and hope people want to save it, upload it and then remember where they're supposed to link back to with it. Seems like alot of work for someone to go thru.
First lets have a:
Sweets and chocolates
Hmmm, I am trying to think of what else there is to tell you all, but I can't really think of anything, so if you have questions, feel free to ask! I'm pretty much an open book. Glad to have you visit! And if you'd like, follow me via Google Friend Connect and like my blog on Facebook. I will start hosting giveaways when I hit 25 followers on here. And considering that I am a crafter (a knitter and scrapbooker to be exact) AND sell Tupperware AND plan to sell Shaklee AND will be reviewing products from time to time as well (not too often because I don't want this blog to become all about reviews - they can get kind of old when that's all you see in feed reader), there are a LOT of possibilities for giveaways! So, come on in, sit down with a cup of tea (instant with artificial sweetener is my current choice) and have a nice read. Leave some comment love here and there so that I can check your blog out as well!
I'm sure my lust will wane soon. I just love you right now.
Once you’ve marinaded your tempeh for a bit preheat a cast iron skillet over medium to medium high heat with about a tablespoon of peanut oil, (or any oil will work). Throw in your tempeh slices (save that marinade!) and cook for about 5 minutes. Then put in about half of your marinade and flip your slices. Cook for about 5-10 minutes more until the marinade is about gone, and put them rest of your marinade in (and flip your slices). Cook until the marinade has disappeared and the tempeh is nice and browned, but not burnt (maybe 5-10 minutes more). You’ll probably want to stand by those slices flipping and stuff so that they don’t stick.
Anon – The Dead Man Of Varley Grange
(from A Season in Hell)
Bags – 44 slot bags are 550 to 750 SC and they actually show up on you character as backpacks. Interesting if you want that look. Standard bags are 50 SC for 16 slots to 150 SC for 24 slots. A 24 slot bag is 4 gold on the broker at the moment, so I would probably buy from the broker.
22C Founders Canadian Breakfast Stout 9.4%
Anyway, the end of the bed is my perch when I work on fabric projects, and I like the set up this way, but who knows if it will stay.
They are (from left to right) -
Aight, I’m going to bed. Oh. Crap. There’s a raid in 2 hours. Um … nap then? Eff it .. maybe I’ll just log in and get my dailies done so Van stays on track to get his pet and mount from the holiday.
Hey…here’s some more folks who are getting it done…
City of Chino:
Wu W, Zhang Y, Zhang F. Studies on semen quality in workers exposed to manganese and electric welding. (Chinese) Zhonghua Yu Fang Yi Xue Za Zhi 1996; 30: 266-268.
Emma's challenge this week was to use a retired cartridge.
"The risk is always there. There is always lots of tinder about and there are a lot of unresolved issues, including Abyei," said Derek Plumbly, chairperson of the Assessment and Evaluation Commission that monitors the north-south peace deal.
Interactive Discussion: to buy or not to buy - the value of making and collecting studio ceramics in the 21st century
2. Seasons don’t usually come in the exact order — Winter, Spring, Summer, Fall. Sometimes we get Winter three months straight. Or, like me, having died several times in the same body, rebirthed and paved a new way to amazement, spring into a new, better version of myself, all year round. Read: delusional. -Kelly Cutrone
i worked with the ladies of 'curtain works' a couple months ago! they were so nice and have a great store with custom curtains & draperies. their not quite up and blogging but when they are i'll be sure to share the link!
Also this month, I’ll be at….Dixon Place. What, again? Yes! It’s the only place I ever go these days! On February 10, 6:30pm also be participating in a panel organized by author David Freeland called The Vanishing City: Losing the Fun. It’s all about how time and time again, New York’s historic entertainment districts have fallen before the wrecking ball. Joining me on the dais will be Freeland, along with historians Andrew Dolkart and Cindy VandenBosch. I hope to see you there!
Nike produces a wide array of sports gear and apparel. Among the first products were running and basketball shoes. Currently, they make jerseys for different sporting activities including track & field, baseball, football, tennis, lacrosse, soccer, golf and cricket. Recent additions to their line of products are Nike SB and Nike 6.0 footwear specially designed for skateboarding. Nike sells shoes for road running, soccer, basketball, athletics, American football, and cross training for men, women, and children. Nike also sells gear for outdoor sports such as tennis, baseball, golf, soccer, football, volleyball, bicycling, wrestling, aquatic games, cheer leading and multi-sport uses. They also hold Bauer brand athletic gear and Cole Haan dress and casual footwear brands.
So there we are 1,000 euro down! And I thought that I was on top of financial things….
La Grande Mademoiselle tells that the child could be of the black page Nabo, of whom the Queen was very fond. The adultery thesis is not considered likely, as the Queen was a very pious woman, and there is no knowledge of even the slightest mistake of hers. It would be very difficult in Versailles to have a liaison and even to give birth in secret. Every Royal birth happened in public, in the Queen's bedchambers, with all courtiers present as witnesses. The little princess Marie-Anne was born (16 November 1664) with a dark skin caused by cyanosis, and died shortly after birth (26 December 1664). Some say that the baby remained black, and had been changed with a dead girl, to avoid scandal. According to Madame, wife of Louis XIV's brother, her husband said that the child was not black at all but very ugly. In any case, although the story about the black daughter of Maria Theresa is unconfirmed, it was still persistent and believed by many.
Watch the preview for next weeks episode below!
Elizabeth Taylor lived in Penn, in Buckinghamshire, which is where I lived for several months when I was four and my family was between countries (Liberia and Haiti). I went to my first school there, and I expect I learned to read in Penn, though I have no specific memories of learning. This coincidence has endeared Taylor to me, and I feel a tiny bit proprietorial on the basis of having shared a village with her for a few months, unbeknownst to both of us at the time.
I collapsed crying. I wept for people, I wept for nature, I wept for that little girl, I wept for myself. No one was around to hear me sobbing. No one to come up and sit next to me and tell me, “It’ll be ok, you’ll see.” No one to smile at me and give me hope. Not a flower to make me smile, not a creature to feel any empathy, not a breeze to soothe me. Nothing.
by Edgar Allan Poe
All of which is diametrically opposed to what lays behind the initiative that is AlphaBetaMusica.
good health
Obama refused to offer his official papers as a state legislator in Illinois. Nor did he produce correspondence, such as his schedules of appointments or letters from lobbyists, from his days in the Illinois state Senate.
a moment, another
Is there something special about someone that you will someday miss?
After all the food on new year day, January 2nd should hold a morning of detox.
The brain is still the best computer out there, but like all computers, are outstanding at some tasks and damnably slow at processing others. And with that in mind, so to speak, can we train ourselves to recognize when our brain compensates or over-compensates for stimulus it has never encountered before? When it fills in the spaces, the pixels, the sound waves as a result of our intent and belief in the situation? Pretty easy to find a ghost if you really want to find a ghost. And the intent of most ghost hunters is to find a ghost.
Since the start of the revolt in Syria, the country’s Alawites have been instrumental in maintaining President Bashar al-Assad’s hold on power. A sect of Shia Islam, the Alawites comprise roughly 13 percent of the population and form the bulk of Syria’s key military units, intelligence services, and ultra-loyalist militias, calledshabiha (“ghosts” in Arabic). As the uprising in Syria drags on, there are signs that some Alawites are beginning to move away from the regime. But most continue to fight for Assad — largely out of fear that the Sunni community will seek revenge for past and present atrocities not only against him but also against Alawites as a group. This sense of vulnerability feeding Alawite loyalty is rooted in the sect’s history.
Can rid your fears dry all your tears
Applying the Theory to the Policy:
It strikes me that so frequently we succumb to the wrong language for expressing ourselves.
though the leaves and hay
Sadie stretched and stepped joyfully outside
Fresh thyme- 1/2 tsp (chopped) (dried is fine as well)
Steve Beckow: Thank you, Graham, and welcome, Lord.
English is my third language. My native language is Chinese Mandarin. My second language is Spanish when we lived in Bolivia. So if I can spell correctly and type with proper punctuation marks and sentence breaks, there is no reason a native English speaker can't especially when we all have access to spell and grammar check.
On a tablet scrawl’d and nail’d on the tree by the grave,
PM: Engage young talent to spur creative industries
A closer look at the third, falsely associated condition.
I am determined to complete the A to Z Challenge. Life has gotten in the way for my Q, R and S posts, though. So, I'm writing very brief ones and even recycling an old post from February of 2010.
Director : Tom Hines
This icon of American industry is a company full of good employees who make some good products (and is the parent company of a huge media outlet), but GE is also a large American corporation that pays virtually no corporate income taxes despite earning worldwide profits of $14.2 billion last year, $5.1 billion of it in the United States. In fact, they claimed a tax benefit of $3.2 billion, meaning they received more of our hard earned tax dollars than they contributed. How is that possible? It’s because not only do they shelter their money from taxes, but they also get many tax credits, loans, government grants, and other benefits from the federal government that our smaller businesses couldn’t even imagine being able to profit from.
Like I mentioned, we made our wipes out of my hubby's old t-shirts. It felt good to repurpose those dingy whites that would have otherwise gone to waste, but you can use other fabrics you have lying around (maybe some old flannel sheets would be nice and soft on that baby's tush). We use straight water for our wipes solution which we keep in a little squeeze bottle next to the changing pad (we wet each wipe just before using because if you pre-wet your wipes you have such a short window of time before you'd need to start worrying about bacteria growth)...we tried using some other homemade solutions (that involved combinations of water, baby soap, olive oil, and/or tea tree oil), but after some more online research and our own trial and error, we found that straight up water was the least harsh on Little J's sensitive bum.
'Beautiful Spring' set in Latte & French Roast ink by A Muse Studio.
1. What is the best advice an older relative or family member gave you?
Next was a view which seperated the Holy Place from the Holy of Holies. This veil was about eighteen inches thick, which made it practically untearable by any human source. It hid the cohen from the presence of God, who was in the Holy of Holies.
streetside cafe in France
Wisner is in turn close – very close - to deposed Egyptian President Mubarak. Here too, Frank and Nicolas have been helpful to each other: On 5 January 2009, Sarkozy called for a Gaza strip ceasefire plan.The plan, jointly proposed by Sarkozy and Mubarak, envisioned the continuation of the delivery of aid to Gaza – and talks with Israel on border security. Welcoming the proposal, US Secretary of State at the time Condoleeza Rice hailed the idea as “a ceasefire that can endure and that can bring real security”.
If I still had a 14 or 15 year old son. I would so much rather he read a book which explores real violence and sex and it's consequences, emotionally and physically, than this.
I try to force his hand a bit by inventing an actual London connection for me. Time to create another character in this saga: my colleague, Randy. If there is some point person on their end in London, maybe I can lead him on a goose chase, although I seriously doubt they'd show up anywhere I tell them to go:
the bottom, a mother in the dark
The counter. That was white tile. I use the term white loosely. People advised us to live with it for a while, but I just couldn't. And when we pulled it up and saw maggots living under it we knew that was a good decision. Yes, we lived with a plywood counter for years after that, but it was a clean plywood counter.
Note: The limits for contributions to SIMPLE plans and IRAs did not increase from their $11,500 and $5,000 amounts respectively. Nor did their respective catch-up limits of $2,500 and $1,000 increase.
dress — Express (Marshalls, I think? It's older than dirt)
Employees are an asset to any progressive organization. They become the essential work force that delivers the organization’s profits. The management should strive to make the establishment employee-friendly so that it becomes a sought after place to work in terms of productivity, company culture and profits. Listening to your workforce is one surefire way to have valuable inputs to your strategizing process.
3. On The Run 5:47
LB was holding my hand the whole time and the ginormous grin never left her face. She asked me where the course went and I tried to explain, but I wasn't sure of the whole course. So I gave up and told her to follow everyone else. "But what if we're first?" she said. I smiled and pointed out the bicyclist who would be leading the pack. "What if we're faster than the guy on the bike??" she asked, 100% seriously. I laughed and told her that we'd just run.
In the end, if one ignored the subtle propaganda, it wasn’t a bad movie after all. Although the filmmaker portrayed the violent scenes as realistically as possible, I’m sure some people will still believe the scenes were over-dramatized.
When my team (NYM) fades out of existence, I usually go running for the Past to feed my fix. Yesterday I was in the neighborhood of Ebbets Field (I usually always speak of her in the present *sigh*). I also went to Holy Cross Cemetery later that afternoon. Gil Hodges and Edward McKeever rest there.
The couple that own this shop which, is next to their home, find salvaged items to create new decorative things. The gentleman goes to old factories and odd places like that and digs up all kinds of fun treasures like faucets spigots. And he turns them into hanging racks.
And what does God have to do with marriage anyway? The traditional people have taken it away from him. Marriage is no longer a religious union. God doesn't issue wedding licenses and give tax breaks to married couples. God doesn't grant lawyers and judges the power to dissolve those who have been joined by the rules and regulations of their governing state.
Maple Glazed Bacon
Many of the speakers do an excellent job and are fascinating. I’ll admit that most are a bit out of my league or just don’t pique my interest. However, I ran across one of their videos that surprised me. You can go to TED.com or YouTube and search for “Terry Moore: How to tie your shoes”.
Check back tomorrow to download an mp3 of one of my auhm favorites so far, but already now you can listen to plenty auhm demos on SoundCloud. Any guesses on what a.u.h.m. stands for?
Now, where is the main power control?
01 Cheers (0:42)
Occupy Street Tactics
I think i hate people and what they have done.
Constable Steven Ngubane, a Margate SAPF detective, was arrested on June 7 by Detective Warrant Officer Basil Crouse from the Port Shepstone Organised Crime Unit. He appeared in court in Port Shepstone on charges relating to robbery, attempted murder, possession of unlicensed ammunition and theft of ammunition.
...the actual cause of our impatience lies within our own hearts, in our own attitude of insisting that others around us conform to our expectations.
Her book full of lies
First the lyrics...
As anyone who knows me, or who reads this blog regularly knows, I'm not the world's biggest fan of the 'trade associations', clubs, and their awards. Although I know members who are smashing individuals, I generally find the clubs and awards a bit stuffy, self-congratulatory and insular.
My pillows! I always take my pillows with me on a road-trip (except of course when I fly). I’m really picky about sleeping on “used” pillows. I can’t help wondering who slept on the fluffy mound before me, whether they had clean hair or bad breath or whatever! And besides, no pillow can ever be quite as comfortable as my own. (Now you can see why I wouldn’t have made the trip west in a covered wagon–at least not without a great deal of complaining and whining!)
How long until you listen to your heart?
I got into another art show with my Valley print, this time The Print which is being held at the Ann Arbor Art Center! I'm really proud of this because it is a juried show open to any printmaking artist in Michigan. My print will be on sale too.....and I think if I did my math right after the entry fee and cost for supplies and framing, I'd earn a profit of about...uh...maybe $5. haha. But It's totally not about selling to me. I'm just stoked to be in the show!
Thank you all for sharing these wonderful cards with us!
He Who for our sakes was partaker of flesh and blood has recovered you, and brought you back to the place whence ye strayed away, becoming mere flesh and blood by your sin.
And so far it has been fine. Except that I FORGOT to make the hat!! She started chemo in July, so she probably hasn't really started losing her hair yet... but I wanted her to have it beforehand. So now I'm RACING to get this hat finished and sent to The V-ster before she starts losing her hair. I was thinking about making one for my friend, also... because once her mom starts losing her hair, she's shaving her head. I like my hair too much (and Gzilla would kill me...haha) so instead I'm showing my support by making hats.
The violets are blooming and they’re all over the yard. And I’m totally crushing on the dreamy manor house bokeh here. It was exactly what I was trying to achieve as I laid on the ground and adjusted my aperture dial.
I was pleased to find that he now has a website where you can see his Alice works and many others: Pinoccio, Don Quixote, Arthur, Orpheus as well as several tarot decks to name a few.
“Aaarrgggh. Help.” Sobbing uncontrollably Maude stammered, “We’re all going to die. We’re all going to die. There’ll be no more suppers for the people of Britain.” A wild-eyed Maude stared directly at television cameras and yelled, “Save yourselves. Run while there is still time. Make for the hills. Then you can freewheel back down when the petrol tuns out. Fill up jerry cans. The jerries you see. They don’t like it up ‘em Captain Mainwaring. They don’t like it up ‘em.” Regaining a semblance of control Maude said, “Go out. Buy a jerry can if you don’t have one. Fill it. And take a bucket. And a basin. And cups. And a flask. And any empty washing up liquid bottles. And pasties. Take your hot pasties, scoop out the filling and fill them up. Lovely hot VATable pasties. Yum yum. Take everything. Take them now. You must. Your future, and your children’s future depends on it. Run. Run like the wind. Make your way to the forecourts making sure your engine is switched on all the time to ensure there is space for the new petrol you’re buying. Aarrgh. We’re all going to die.”
The Etzion Bloc includes the present-day towns of Efrat, Kfar Etzion, Migdal Oz and Ein Tzurim. These are internationally derided as “occupied territory”, “land theft” etc. The notes from this diary prove – as if further proof were necessary – that these towns were Israeli Jewish towns long before the Arabs appeared on the scene. The same story is repeated throughout Judea and Samaria (the West Bank).
I'm tired of being told I must lower my living standard to fight global warming, which no one is allowed to debate. My wife and I live in a two-bedroom apartment and carpool together five miles to our jobs. We also own a three-bedroom condo where our daughter and granddaughter live. Our carbon footprint is about 5% of Al Gore's, and if you're greener than Gore, you're green enough.
Although I prefer the form of the English sonnet (I missed the final couplet), this might be my favourite poem I’ve composed this week. Perhaps it is just my getting used to metre – I found it easier to slip into iambic feet than in my English sonnet. As you can see, I drew up a rhyming bank from which to draw upon before starting the poem.
To a TGIM worklife!
Last week, my colleague, Professor Tom Hammond, showed me Sanford Insurance Company maps of the Lehigh Valley dating as far back as 1885. Anyone who thinks that the changes are over should study this series of maps– better yet, visit the new Broughal Middle School in Bethlehem, the Overlook Park neighborhood in Allentown, or the Silk Mill project in Easton. While we once thought of community architecture as a matter of aesthetics or economics (what could we build?), as we look forward we see stunning health, social, and economic benefits that are possible when communities are designed in thoughtful ways.
Mr. Dahl: "Ok, but you have to heat it up first."
First few attempts were a massive fail. A failure so faily, I had to sit down in the water and have a cry. I threw a tantrum, I really did. I was so frustrated and in so much pain I just wanted to quit the sport altogether (blasphemy I know!). But then that little Mexican with the gun shook his head condescendingly and I had a flash of the tree…. and then…. I rode with my kite up high, I angled my board upwind more and more and more until I had all three tips in my head: board, shoulder, head…. I looked behind me and…. LANDED A BACKROLL!
The highest as the lowest form of criticism is a mode of autobiography. Those who find ugly meanings in beautiful things are corrupt without being charming. This is a fault.
