It is also an honor to be able to reflect on the project and remember the experience we got to share with Linn Jacobs who has since passed away, who was such an amazing and wonderful woman, she lives on through her artwork and the TC book.
In the video below you will see how long the set up takes for the NFL to get everything they need for the draft. As well as Robert Griffin the III around NYC going through promotion visits and talking about his draft situation.
Don’t wait for a rainy day to discover that your homeowners or umbrella insurance policies don’t fit your home business insurance needs. Read your policy. Talk to your insurance agent. Pay at least $500 a year to buy a business owners policy so you and your pricey computer can sleep well at night.
I contacted Edith asking her if she would agree if I wrote a blogpost about her work, and she accepted.
"Tangi's Teardrops is a story about a poor young girl named Tangi, who's father recently passed away, leaving her nothing but three small glass bottles. She and her mean step sisters go to live with her Uncle. While her Uncle is away for work, Tangi gets treated horribly not only by her sisters but the housekeeper. On night Tanji has a dream that changes her life forever...
Anthony's chicken with tomato salad and Tuscan bread. The chicken was okay but it was the tomato salad that was outstanding. USD21.
4. You can run multiple ads in the same campaign. I had one ad linked to Amazon and the other linked to Goodreads (so people can add the book to their shelves). Each ad can have different copy.
445. Dollar Dog @ Sly Fox Brewery (Phoenixville, PA) 1:05 p.m.
My Faith In My (website Newt Exploratory 2012)
were meant to be.
What doesn't offend them? There is no Top Gear in Saudi. Move there.
And what a perfect host he has been . He was personally there supervising everything from stage management to sitting arrangements at 6.30 pm sharp, in fact before that because when some of us reached at 6.30, he was already there greeting us with that infectious smile. Mrs. Sushmaji Chamaria personally supervised the menu and it did reflect on the quality of food served. Mr. Pulak , his son and daughter in law were also present at that time to greet us. They made us feel so comfortable, that nowhere did it feel that we were actually the guest for the event. In fact at 6.30 when the stage was being set up, he actually apologised to us for being late as according to him the guests would start coming in by 7 , the time invited. and they did, his friends and colleague were there by 7, 7.15 max. This was the first LAPD lesson learnt that day . Respect the time …ours and others.
Another dance in the rain
The lightening fractures the sky above
Six weeks in, and my Year of Buying Nothing New is going pretty well. Some things, like white paper, have been hard to source. Freegle this week yielded two bird feeders, and chicken wire for the allotment. I’ve been borrowing and lending a lot more things like books, and giving away quite a lot of stuff including my own produce and preserves. I’m buying the seeds we need this year, though – aiming to save a lot more next year. My Saturday Guardian has mainly been sourced from the Ellie where I have started to lurk, beer in
It hit me that I need to put off the "natural mom".
Unfortunately neither real nor veggie haggis tend to be gluten free, so both were out for Meg. Maggie made up a nut-roast mix for her, using gluten free breadcrumbs in the ingredients.
“I believe the second Obama term will be better than having a U-turn with Romney,” he says. “More stability will mean more visibility and more investment in the future.”
to suicide. Designed to reach a wider demographic than those willing to
Happy Monday! Today’s menu is fantastic and includes Chicken Bruschetta, Beef Braciole, Roasted Garlic Mashed Potatoes, Stuffed Banana Peppers, Grilled Vegetables, and Penne in Safron Sauce. Soup of the day is our hearty Tuscan Minestrone. Visit our always fresh salad bar. Finish off your meal with one of our yummy desserts and a cup of freshly brewed La Prima coffee!
The site has a snazzy program that analyzes a written excerpt from a novel, story, blog, etc. and determines which famous author it most resembles. Through statistical analysis, elements such as word choice and sentence structure are compared to the styles of well-known writers. For example, I copied a segment of my novel draft and pasted it into a box on the site’s homepage. After a quick click on the analyze button, I found out that I write like Charles Dickens. Yeah, right, I laughed to myself. Different pieces of my writing have also been analyzed to be like David Foster Wallace, Margaret Atwood, and Stephanie Meyer. I’ll admit being compared to Wallace was super exciting as he is an idol of mine, but it’s all relative in the grand scheme of things!
I hope you enjoy my Mother's Day weekend visual tour!
A second general rule also applies here: the more alarming the statistics appear to be, the less alarming the statistics actually are. I suspect there are two reasons for this. First, because of the sledgehammer rule: the less serious the problem, the more motivated the campaigners (who are never satisfied) will tend to be. Second, because where statistics speak for themselves (because they are truly alarming), they speak for themselves. When they aren't actually too bad, the campaigners can only get their point across by shouting loudly, exaggerating, talking up the worst case scenario and playing down the good news. So they present the media with generous dollops of juicy alarmism.
How are you feeling by the way?
"There's a sense of war in Iran, people fear that war is very, very close. Some people are going to the supermarkets and stocking up on supplies which they are keeping at home in case of war," he says.
My answer was true and constant: “Keith is my regular but he’s not my boyfriend.” At times when I don’t like the delivery of the question I would reply: “Bakit, mukha bang kami?” (Does it look like we’re an item?) and leave them hanging. Even Charlie asked me once if Keith and I are a couple. Charlie also asked if Carlo and Ella were an item. I immediately told Ella and she took care of Charlie and his nosy ways.
ME: Are you fucking kidding me?
all that bling and the crochet butterfly were on the tissue paper that June had wrapped my Easter goodies in this year. and as I unwrapped things I stuck all the bling to an clear envelope bag and its been sitting on the table ever since. I think I am going to give her this one for the heck of it.
I really should have taken photos, not because Jason was indeed shocked by the surprise, but because the theme of the birthday party was Pokemon.
(Thanks to reader Bill King for the picture!)
Amazing how, now that I feel I have revelation of the things that are important, I wish I had known these things all along! Simple things like “It’s doesn’t matter what other people think of you so long as you’re true to yourself” or “Time is a healer” or “learn to love yourself!”
2. The Avengers
MORE GOOD NEWS
No, friends, greed is no virtue, but a myth of a materialistic age. It is childishness, wanting every day to be Christmas. And, until the bill is paid in full, I’m afraid we’re in for more horrors.
Here is an update on the bedroom. Remember when I was having trouble with sticky paint? I thought that putting a coat of Varathane might help. I was wrong! I have one more thing to try, then I will officially cry. I'll keep you posted. Thank you to all of you for your tips and empathy:)
Whichever way it now works out -- that is, whatever political bribe, public or private, is or is not, paid to the Chinese to resolve the mess -- one thing is clear. Usama bin Laden's death is not going to save this President's catastrophic foreign policy.
This traverse of the Barrier has been quite three times as severe as
Stephen King is in my ear; I finished listening to Rose Red the other day and was just mesmerised by the main character. It is her diary that we are reading and the voice is fabulous. I’d never heard of this book but am so glad to have discovered it – I’m thinking of finding the paper version so I can peruse the entries. Now I’m listening to his Bag of Bones and enjoying the slow build-up and the plain but smooth writing.
It's always a lot of fun to go back home and visit for awhile, but what a feeling to step through the door of your own house and smell the familiar smells and see all your favorite things and just collapse onto your bed, tired and ready for a nap. Ahhh.....
For those of you that are still wondering why, here is a few of the reasons. First is the weather. For me this is a big draw, I do not like snow and I do not like heat. There is very little of either there. The winters are mild and rainy, but not rainy like it is here. Its a drizzly rain, not hours of downpour. It was watching “Little People, Big World” that originally drew me to the weather. Second is the affordability of land in proximity to the city. We love both the city and the country and we want a piece of each. In Portland we can have that. You can live literally 20 minutes outside the city and have 5 acres for the same price as 60 or more miles outside of Chicago. The homes we are looking at are in the 200′s with 3-5 bedrooms on at least 5 acres and within 30minutes of Portland, where we will be starting a Tea Shop. Which brings me to third point, the culture. We love the culture, we love the open-mindedness and the friendliness. We love the hipsters! I love the fact that skateboarding is still popular and there are quality skateparks everywhere. In short, its a great place to live and open our tea shop and eventually start a dog rescue. The business model Ace has come up with, can easily thrive in Portland and I believe our family can too.
from camp
14. Jelaousy 1961
never take, will take
And there’s that other stupid song.
Jesus rose from the grave
Because of one strong woman, my family of five is complete. My bank account might be drained but my heart is overflowing. And although my legs are tired at night, my arms are filled with the warmest of snuggles.
♥ Pour the batter into an 8x8 glass pan if you have one. Note: if you want to serve more people I would recommend doubling the recipe & using a larger pan. This is a pretty small serving.
Last night, Wapping staffers told us they expected further arrests very quickly.
But he who tried hard failed to get noticed,
78. The past is a foreign country; they do things differently there. —L. P. Hartley, The Go-Between (1953)
But you know what? My blog won’t fall apart if it has a typo. At least my voice is being heard. There’s nothing wrong with being a dreamer, especially a dreamer with a plan. Yes, I’m out of shape; but with every step – walked or run – I’m getting stronger. I’m not perfect, but I have a lot to offer.
Written for boys, this is a book that girls won’t be afraid to read, even though there aren’t many female characters. Tweener boys will find this book hard to put down. Discussion questions are included at the end of the book. $6.95. 151 pages.
Makes me laugh
For those who know me well, they will not be surprised that the answer to the question "How's the kitchen coming?" is that it isn't done yet. I felt I needed to renovate a bathroom before I finished the kitchen. Cuz that's how I roll.
We all want the best for ourselves, and for our family. But what about after, when you’re no more? What about then, huh? Will anybody remember you? Will they lament your loss?
What’s more, less than fifteen percent of the student body participate in Greek life. Clearly, students at CC are capable of making their own fun (or else they’re too busy with sports and the arts!) and don’t rely on their Greek system to be the only source of social life on campus. This is important for high school students to know because many are intimidated by the Greek system at colleges and universities (usually because few high schools have equivalent programs so they have no experience with it unless they have older siblings or have watched the television show Greek). So for a student who doesn’t necessarily want that to be a part of their college life, CC’s Greek system doesn’t seem to be the only thing happening on campus – but it’s there for the student who does want to enter into a fraternity or sorority.
Using carbon paper, I next transfered the image onto the wood. With an indelible ink pen I retraced the carbon lines. It was then ready to be cutout using a scroll saw. After the wood had been cut out and sanded and all the edges smoothed, I covered the piece with one coat of flat white primer. When dried, and as intended, the inked lines bled through. These lines were then again traced in with the pen.
What about the rechargeable lights? Here... I have an opinion. For an officer (or a mechanic) who uses his light every single working day, getting into the habit of charging it every night is reasonable. I have done this myself, using a Stinger model in both school and shop. In fact, I still do.... but.... is it the right choice for a defensive light that doesn't get used every day? I would suggest not... and that battery lights are better. A pair of Lithium CR123a batteries can last for a year with the light resting on a shelf if need be, and still give good service. Should they be dead, a few moments later new ones can be installed. With a rechargeable.... those few moments stretch out to hours, and equal not having the light when it's needed.
The past few days ds1 has been taking weather measurements for his geography group. He's testing for wind-speed using a home-made anemometer, and rainfall using a home-made rain gauge (an empty lemonade bottle with bottle funnel and jelly in the bottom to make the bottom level). It's taken him two days to realise his anemometer is so stiff it wont turn even if he blows it. Or even if there is a gale. And particularly if he stands with one foot in the conservatory while sticking his arm out with the apparatus and says 'maybe I'm a bit close to the building, but it'll do'.
Some would argue that the very replacement of one race or culture with another is an act of genocide in itself. However, in addition, the inevitable mass displacement and interbreeding which is already occurring will further undermine Europeans as a homogeneous ethnic group. (an outcome, some so brainwashed and mired in their foetid ideology actually view as a desirable outcome)
I’m not going to defend our guidelines any further, they are what they are and other people seem to understand how completely different the mechanics to our contest were in comparison to something such as WoW Factor. I’m genuinely surprised that Keelhaul didn’t acknowledge the reasons they would be the way they are. The part where I’m really confused is less than two minutes later he comes right out and says he really hasn’t “spent enough time checking it out.” Let’s just pause to see where we’re at:
If your child said something happened in the classroom that concerns you, ask to meet with the teacher and approach the situation by saying, "I wanted to let you know something my child said took place in your class, because I know that children can exaggerate and that there are always two sides to every story. I was hoping you could shed some light for me." I cannot believe the double standard that is so casually displayed here. Let me summarize:
Martin Killing Tops U.S. News Coverage; Accounts Sharply Differ
4. Parking will be up to the attendees. Our little brewery does not have the facilities to accommodate vehicles.
Nicholai's imagination was galvanized by the concept of shibumi. No other ideal had ever touched him so. "How does one achieve this shibumi, sir?"
This look is inspired by the May issue of Lucky: “a crisp white cotton shirt is a simple and unexpected counterpoint to an elegant, frilly skirt. To really play up your waist, add a wide leather belt.”
Much of the invitations appear to have been sent via e-mails and SMSes, possibly because the High Commission is fearful of a backlash, considering the Bersih 3.0 protest outside its office two weeks ago.
The World Bank (1999) describes it as:
Evvie Nyx is an abomination within her world, both Light and Dark elf.
It is a good rule and quite safe and is a rule I stand by and support 100%. I also tend to break it every so often. Read more...
there is no danger
disappointments, both of them.
the park emptied punctually
1. Place cucumber slices in colander; sprinkle with salt, tossing well. Drain 1 hour.
My second favorite thing is the fact that they decided to do a “control” drop test on a known non-gliding ant, in this case a Paraponera clavata (otherwise known as a bullet ant otherwise known as one bad-ass stingy motha whaaaa!). I like the way he just *poofs* down into the understory, you can almost hear the little cartoon falling noise. I would like to tell you that he’s ok. But, while he probably did survive the fall, the rainforest floor is a dangerous place for a lone hormiga.
surrounding villages...
At first I couldn't pinpoint why I was disappointed, I mean, Glen Keane did a great job speaking. But then I realized that a silly part of me thought that by listening to one of my art heroes speak, some of his awesomeness would rub off on me and I'd be magically transformed into a better artist. And another equally silly part of me thought I'd leave that lecture with some powerful art secret I never knew before. Ridiculous. I know.
So, once you’ve found yourself a nice area to set up your tie-die “station” your set to start.
It is however one of the pages out of the grant application for Cultural Heritage Spaces.
What is a mystery shop you ask?
This was the central question preoccupying Canadian church representatives when we gathered together in Waterloo from February 2-3 for the Just Peace Symposium. Organized by MCC coalition partner Project Ploughshares, this meeting provided a valuable opportunity for 25 leaders and representatives from eight denominations—Anglican, Christian Reformed, Friends (Quaker), Lutheran, Mennonite, Presbyterian, United Church, and Unitarian—to share insights and commitments to peacemaking as articulated by our respective traditions.
After establishing your breath, begin to exaggerate the movement of the belly and pelvic floor. On your inhale, relax everything and let the belly rise. On your exhale, pull your belly toward your spine without moving your actual spine - keep your pelvis neutral. Now you are engaging the transverse abdominus and Uddiyana Bandha. Inhale and soften again. Take a few rounds of this breath. Inhaling and relaxing, exhaling and engaging.
“They locked the maid, the gardener and two small babies in the maid’s room and set them alight. I am standing at the scene here
Ann Taylor necklace
Since starting Baclofen I am finding that I am much more able to just ‘be’ and live in the moment. I think that’s why I am much more productive now – at work and in personal time. Because I’m focusing on one task at a time, and not having ten things on the go simultaneously, I am getting through so much more.
As I wanted to include some rusty orange /brown and grey I used these from my stash. Sorry unknown origin but stylecraft do have similar colours .........
"To understand the discrimination in state policies regarding reproduction, imagine a government forcibly sterilizing men or allowing their mothers or wives or sisters to lock them up, beat them, or castrate them for sexual behavior" (pp. 117-118).
I can't do anything, 'cept be in love with you!
Also on this note, please comment with other examples of where you found Games that were inspired by a particular work of art!
After that, He told to his son abt his strange dream. In which, He was airing on air. The fast wind was carring him with itself. Then, he heard, the dont want businessman Moore while they want Dr Moore.
Chilli paste, 3 tablespoons
Much ugliness in Malaysia
And with this last syllable still hanging in the air, I whisk away for a hot shower. My terrible night's sleep combined with this brutal congestion leaves me barely functional.
The Lawyer used by Mr. Roopnarine to file these alleged fake Police matters on Carnival Thursday morning, was also hurriedly dismissed by him first thing Ash Wednesday morning.
It's about ten feet deep, the old step irons have broken off further down. Not allowed to use them, these days, anybody going down there need to be lowered by winch, wearing a recovery harness and gas detector. It looks harmless enough, but methane gas, carbon dioxide and carbon monoxide can pool in the bottom of holes like this. The person who goes down becomes unconscious quite rapidly, and then a rescuer goes down, and the same thing happens.
HAVE A SUPER MOTHER'S DAY MY FRIENDS!!!!
So because I'm in a "dippy" sort of mood, I figured I'd post another good one. This is practically one of the only dishes I can solidly eat eggplant in. It's goes good with tortilla chips, toasted bread, and even all by itself!
All this ‘fictional, ‘filmy’ blah blah is fine, but where the film actually scores ‘flat-out brilliance’ points is the entire Abraham (Emraan) and Silk (Vidya) thread. Though a tad under-developed, it was so refreshing to see such a man-woman equation in a hindi movie. As I mentioned earlier, all the elements of this equation, like male-insecurity, jealousy, craving for the ‘prohibited’, are all there in the dialogues. Maybe you can say its less ‘showing’ more ‘telling’, but Emraan and Vidya, both have such scorching screen presence that when dialogues are delivered they work like fireworks celebrating the very existence of ‘dialogue-baazi’ in our movies. If both would’ve just exchanged looks without the dialogues the screen would’ve been trembling, but when you can burn the screen with the dialogues why would you wont use them.
Out of the golden age of boxing it is just Ali who is left standing. A man who has spent a lifetime in the boxing ring and has been fighting physical challenges in his twilight years.
Tomorrow morning, I am meeting up with Denise and we are headed to Belgium for a few days. We're spending a night each in Brussels, Antwerp, Ghent, and Bruges. Should be fun. I think the hardest part will be trying to live without using my iPhone (it's 5 euros a day for 6MB if I connect to the internet with it). I'm also leaving behind my hairdryer and straightener. I'm such a girl, and it's going to be hard being without those. But it is supposed to rain the entire time, so lugging that with me would be kind of pointless anyway.
I was the lucky one: somehow you never got me so fully under your sway that I couldn’t pay you off. You never got to turn your extortion goons on me.
11 - Tex Ritter - Singing In The Saddle - 2:51
Demand for meat, diary products and eggs is set to rise with particular demands coming from China. There will also be a corresponding demand for feed and in particular proteins. At the moment there is also a rising demand for vegetable oils which means that the residue left over from oil production i.e. if we look at Soybeans, which is called “soybean meal” or soybean oil cake” can be used in animal feed.
I couldn't end things without naming some others I really like: Brazil, The Matrix, The Terminator (1 and 2), Children of Men. I didn't bother with cartoons, or I might have added Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within, and I also left off zombie films and such, as they don't seem like sci-fi to me.
They looked at me like I was stupid and said, "All you have to do is hold it a little farther away from your mouth, Mom." Duh
According to the findings of report, Pakistan together with Bangladesh, India, Nigeria and Peru is among the top countries that have more than half of the world’s malnourished children population. “After a year of soaring food prices, 38 percent of surveyed Pakistani families claim to have been forced to cut back on food. One in five parents (22 percent) complained that their children did not have enough food to eat,” the report said.
These people are insane.
It's the home of the Fyfe Brewing Company which has been going for 17 years and I was hoping that there would be a couple of their beers on, but unfortunately not. The engaging owner told me that he now only brews a maximum of once a week and has also recently been having problems with his Nottingham yeast, so the in-house beers have been a bit less frequent. A shame, since I think I'd only ever had 2 of their beers (a long time ago), but I was more than mollified by the impressive line-up available that afternoon.
The Geneva Bible was one of the most historically significant translations of the Bible into the English language, preceding the KJV by 51 years. It was the primary Bible of the 16th century Protestant movement and the Bible used by William Shakespeare, Oliver Cromwell, John Milton, John Knox and John Bunyan in Pilgrims Progress. The Geneva Bible was the primary Bible of the Pilgrims who founded America and used by the Ironsides soldiers of Oliver Cromwell during the English Civil War.
i know everything is crazy/technical but we know that hardly anyone really knows what's going on yet. so that is basically it!
Even if Rangers were able to prove that they acted at all times “in good faith”, if convicted on the contracts/payments issue, substantial penalties would be inevitable.
If our brand new mega-inch 3D HD LED screens enabled us to fast forward through to our final days before hitting the rewind button once we ascertained how we really felt about the lives we led and tap into our own regrets, I wonder what level of change this would create.
Yes, we think we're all that...NOT! Jenn came over to take me out for my birthday and said we should take pictures like all the young girls do. Fish lips, pouty lips, cheeks sucked in. You know you've seen it before ;) So we're being tongue and cheek...literally!!
The sunflowers were brought round by Hetty, a good friend. They lasted a long time.
Tonight, we say goodbye to the old year, and welcome in a new one (that link will only make sense if you like Doctor Who)! And because I like making lists, and all the cool kids are doing it anyway, I decided to do a year end roundup of posts from the past 12 months: one post from each month that I especially liked, or that was especially popular, or whatever other reason I come up with. It's really interesting going through old posts on this blog, to me, as I'm reminded of good days and bad, and see how my writing has grown and improved. I hope you enjoy this selection (which, let me tell you, was VERY hard for me to pick)!
The PUMA “Bring Me Back” program, which is run in cooperation with global recycling company I:CO, aims at encouraging the recycling and re-usability of sportlifestyle products among consumers by providing a convenient and simple process: Consumers bring used shoes, clothing and accessories from any manufacturer to a PUMA Store and deposit them in the designated Bring Me Back bins.
Tonight my husband’s returning to the LA Sports Arena, home to so many amazing memories, and he’s bringing our 8 year old red-headed son to see his first Bruce Springsteen show. I am not sure who is more excited–the boy or his dad.
Here is the stencil I made (it's on two pieces of posterboard - that shows you how large it is!)
Moving out of Edinburgh i need to mention Luvians in St Andrews (with a shop in Cuper), from their twitter feed its clear they carry an amazing range of beers, including some beers that havent made it into Edinburgh as far as i know, but even before i was into twitter i had heard rumours of this place so drove all the way there one day just for a beer shop and it was well worth it. Not only did i manage to pick up 2bottle of "How to Disappear Completely" but the selection was pretty impressive and i came away with a fair few new ones
Cavemen. They didn't have toilets, so I'm guessing they just took a dump wherever they wanted. No issue.
I'm on my 2nd revision of my NaNo '10 novel and it's going really well so far. So far... good feedback from some fantastic CP's and Betas! All have said this is the one to query. *bites nails* I hope to be complete with this revision in a month or so. Ha.
Tess, daughter of a blacksmith, has visions of the future, but she still doesn't expect to be accused of witchcraft, forced to flee with her two best friends, or offered shelter by the handsome and enigmatic Garth Huntsman, a warden for Dragonswood. But Garth is the younger prince in disguise and Tess soon learns that her true father was fey, making them the center of an exciting, romantic adventure, and an ancient prophecy that will bring about peace between all three races - dragon, human, and fairy.
The blank page:
7 earl
‘The beginning of wisdom is found in doubting; by doubting we come to the question, and by seeking we may come upon the truth’.
gone bankrupt and the Enchanted Isle was scrapped in 2004.
When Gabby is really concentrating she sticks her tongue out to the side. It is noticeable in several pictures. So cute!!!
I'm sitting in the lobby of a motel in Cedar City, 250 miles from home.
Taste – 3/5
Pale Blossom, Sorbet, Tea Gree, Pebble Blue, Grey Green
As always, supervision is important. For safety, encouragement, and treat replenishing.
Each strawberry has a chocolate kiss inside, I had wanted to get some strawberry candies but couldn't find any!!
Coriander leaves- 1/2 tbsp, chopped (optional)
So, there you have it. Thanks to an inquiring DBA, I learned something new. I hope that you've learned something via this blog entry. Happy New Year!
As we conquered the French-inspired sandwiches, we also crammed salty pommes frites, buttery sautéed mushrooms and garlicky wilted spinach down our respective hatches. It was all so satisfying… so delicious… so… French. The attractive clientele sitting around us all seemed so laid back and satisfied, too. Our old neighbors Steve and Janie stopped by to chat. Steve’s a trained chef who knows his restaurants. I took his patronage as a sign we were on to something good.
Back in 2003, a couple of things happened. The program that I had bought to catalog my comic books had finally died. The company that sold it had gone under years before, and the program simply stopped working under Windows XP, and I didn’t have the money to buy a new program at the time (I was freelancing in the aftermath of the burst Internet bubble). I was also having a lot of trouble managing my books, CD’s, and DVD’s…they were piling up, and I’d occasionally buy something I already owned.
Yes, I was a loser who rode the bus all four years of high school.
returning on the day you left. Once mature,
Make sure to play along with the current SFYTT challenge if you haven’t already!
The main findings listed in the summary section of the report are:
35. By 60 years of age, 60-percent of men and 40-percent of women will snore.
We come in all shapes and sizes
DDB referred calls to the client.
Taking the old man’s arm, he pushed him away.
I’m a bit better today but still not great. Realizations about my life keep flashing into my mind. I keep thinking that my prediction in high school was right: I will come to nothing. There’s no way I can succeed when I’m too timid to function around anyone. There’s no way to integrate myself into society.
Pipsqueak shook his head. “No,” his voice hit the notes of his namesake.
I think it’s a real insight. I’m a literary scholar who uses science to try to understand the vast, witchy power of story in human life. Guber and his allies have arrived through experience at the same conclusions science has reached through experiment.
"Gawd Forbid" the English RE8 has mounted the French N17! Crunch rip, tearing fabric and ensnared air-frames. The five to four advantage looks like soon to be turning to a three to four disadvantage! The Entente players look on in horror. Mid-air collisions were a part-and-parcel danger to daily front line flying. Without being a simulation exercise this is becoming statistically too realistic an experience (see below).
I of course headed to Caribou Coffee for my morning fix and get my thoughts written. In about another hour there's an artist award's breakfast, and we'll see if I'm one of the lucky ones or just get fed. I'll be happy either way.
But here we go anyway:
Jack has even cycled home with 4 unassembled dining room chairs, all boxed up on the bike trailer from the furniture store. It was only a 6 km. trip, partially on a busy road, then onto the bike path. But it is possible with all the right roping, bungie cords and knowing the bike route well enough in advance to maneouvre the trailing, oversized packages along. Another time, he slowly transported a pair of skis.
A reiki session lasts anywhere from 30 to 45 minutes, sometimes up to an hour.
Main meals run from $10 (toad in the hole) to $19 (bbq pork ribs) but a limited selection are available for only $10 at lunchtime on weekdays. One of the healthiest options is probably the bag of fish, an all-in-one meal of fish, greens, fennel, new potatoes, garlic, lemon and cherry tomatoes steamed in a paper parcel. Unfortunately we find the fish to be a little on the bland side when we tried it.
If you're interested in ordering any of Robyn's new sets, or any of her old ones for that matter, click HERE for her retailers!! Also, this Saturday, May 5, is National Scrapbook Day!!! Be sure to stop by Robyn's blog to see what fun she and the Pink Designers have in store for you!! Thanks for coming by today!!
And this true worship creates in us a hunger to be satisfied in God alone, so that the fleeting pleasures of false worship become less and less desirable.
I cannot get my mind around this number at all.
$30 billion will have zero impact on small business
6 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, pounded 1/4 inch thick
My son was cracking up! I’m saying do you believe that guy? He’s mad because he’s being asked to do his job? And then he’s talking about something unrelated to his job? I’m wondering if this scam of his really works for him? I’ll give him credit. He gets up early to get his gig started. At least he’s not on a street corner.
Back at the diner, Caroline comes in and tells Max she got a cupcake job after making a call to a connection she knows. The job is for the son of a socialite in Manhattan and calls for them to make 60 cupcakes with buttercream frosting. Max refuses to do it because buttercream is difficult to make. Caroline then tells her that the connection she used was Max’s boss for her babysitting job, Peach, and that Peach referred her to Constance. Max tells Caroline she’s telling Peach that they’re not doing it. Afterward, Caroline walks in on Sophie & Oleg having sex in the freezer. Max then heads over to Peach’s to tell her that she and Caroline aren’t taking the job. Peach tells her she has to do the job and it has to go swimmingly.
'Orme' is a 4.2% bitter, 500mls bottle, not bottle conditioned.
Friday - Spaghetti with fresh homemade sauce
It's day 23 of the daily dog scratchin'. By that I mean, since the kickstarter project funded on April 7th, and I began receiving the dog photos and stories it's been 23 days. There are about 29 dogs already drawn in one stage of the process, or even completed and ready to go. I've got about 20+ more dogs to draw. I'm keeping that number open because those of you who didn't jump in to the project during the campaign still have a chance to be in the book with your dog. Or just your dog in the book with the story of how you came together. If you contact me we can make arrangements for payment and getting the information. Right now at 50+ dogs the book is going to be over 100 pages. That's great. It feels like a 'real' book at that size. I must admit, in the beginning of this project I was afraid it would be a thin little thing...you all have helped to make this bigger and better than I could imagine. I thank you. And really, it has been such a joy and pleasure drawing these dogs and reading the stories. I don't want it to end, so I'd best start dragging my heels on the drawings! The above dogs are Blackie (b&w and finished), Booger (not finished), Gracie and her dino (not finished), Hattie Anne, and Hammy. You can see more at my facebook page (Linda Sheets Art), or at earlier posts on this blog. Now, more dog scratchin'...
The Boom Bike and the Band are available for booking for indoor and outdoor events. Details available at the end of this film.
But still those who are left will smile in the face of tyrants
“HEY! What’s that?”
I feel anger at such a violent and unnecessary act.
8. fell in LOVE with the 1st of 2 quilts that i designed and my mother in law actually made. can't wait to put them to use
I chose to use chips and salsa for my appetizer and chicken fajitas for my main course.
I REALLY liked this. Saisons are supposed to pair well with lots of food. I ate some "flavor x-treme" cheddar goldfish with this and thought it was excellent. Sour, crisp ale and salty, cheesey crackers? It's good for me!!
Happy Birthday little one!!
3. Dark Fantasy
From the age of six until the age of sixteen, children enter the period of compulsory education (by law children must go to school). Initially, from the age of six until the age of eleven, children attend the five years of primary school also called elementary. From eleven years old, until thirteen years old, children attending the secondary school.
Girl: "OK Mom."
In time, when I am in my place,
by Clement Clarke Moore
The beast beneath, and her carburretted wheeze,
Live and be
In The Darkest Hour we meet a pair of computer programmers that have just created the newest website that’s apparently going to take over the world. They’ve presented their idea to a group of Russian businessmen and are ready for their first official meeting. Problem is that once they get there they find out they are no longer needed, some douche bag stole their idea and is now presenting it as his own. So as they ponder how to counter attack this humongous backstabbing, they decide to go out on a drinking spree, to see if they can hook up with some Russian girls. Low and behold they end up hooking up with a pair of American girls! Things are looking up until suddenly these strange yellow lights start dropping from the heavens! Upon closer examination they learn that these strange lights are actually energy absorbing aliens! They turn humans into ashes and they mean to invade our planet!
Head Office 15
7) Slowly, add oats, about ¼ cup at a time, until all mixed.
Q: Sebastian, what exactly happened at the pit-stop?
It took me a while to gather up the words, the strength to talk. "That girl in this painting. Thats her. Emily. My daughter....."
Sent: Tuesday, April 03, 2012 10:01 AM
Her note says that “the rules of Congressional courtesy prevent Rep. Pelosi from replying to emails if she cannot determine that you are a constituent.” But then, you don’t need her to reply. You just need your national Speaker of the House to use part of her one hundred hours to bring a little justice back home.
Other supplies: Kraft cardstock, Tim Holtz products: Tiny Attacher, Film Strip Ribbon, Pen Nibs & Lightbulbs.
One group of Canadians have celebrated National Beaver Day on the last Friday in February since 1974. They are the Nova Scotia Association of Architects, a club of builders any beaver could appreciate.
But begin.
the more I try to see Christmas through the eyes of a child......
Chemical toilets.
Several months ago the leader of our local bereavement group asked my husband and I if we'd speak with a local reporter who wanted to do a feature on Now I Lay Me Down To Sleep. At first, we weren't sure about sharing such a personal part of our lives on TV. Eventually, after some thought, we realized that this was a great opportunity, not only to share Mikayla's story, but to be the voice for many of us bereaved parents who want people to acknowledge the lives of our children more than anything in the world (well...except for having our children back instead).
For they are still oh so good for my mouth and soul alike.
it's likely you drink and enter altered states on occasion.
1-2 “God’s kingdom is like an estate manager who went out early in the morning to hire workers for his vineyard. They agreed on a wage of a dollar a day, and went to work. 3-5″Later, about nine o’clock, the manager saw some other men hanging around the town square unemployed. He told them to go to work in his vineyard and he would pay them a fair wage. They went.
So there we have them: three points of a compass that have been with us right from the start of the debt crisis. Not surprisingly, both the markets and the Americans (as I was at pains to point out yesterday, these two are not mutually exclusive) cannot get a steer on how these views might converge….if at all. But as is becoming more clear with every day, the fourth point is now being represented by German finance minister Wolfgang Schauble.
When I have all the threads done, I integrate them together. Unfortunately I don't think you can write each plot thread separately, then simply squish them together and call it good. That's what rewriting is for.
Martha
Girard implicitly suggests that action is needed. It is not enough just to note the level of abuse of Nature by men. An action is needed! This is obvious in the first act when the community of Knights realizes the problem, they gather ceremonially in concentric circles (like politicians around a table), trying to discuss together, trying to do something in order to stop destroying our environment, but they are too weak to take action and it gets harder with the sky getting grayer, earth dry. Klingsor's side of humanity keeps destroying Nature and the Knights are too weak (or too politicized) to oppose it.
When comparing blogs, a main difference I see is posting length. Some of the bloggers create quite lengthy posts, namely In the Library with the Lead Pipe. This blog contains essay-length posts that are well-written and well-researched with proper citations. In the case of such lengthy posts, I can recognize the value of thoroughly exploring a subject. I found, however, that I never made it to the end of a post, no matter how interesting the subject was, because I was constantly interrupted. If I were to continue to follow this blog, I would have to make sure that I dedicated a interruption-free time slot to read it.
After talking to Ruthie the other day, she did say that I could get softer wheels. Supposedly, real derby dames don’t like them, because they’re for outdoor skating. But, they’re good to get started with.
dry red chillies -4-5
In the beginning of my unschooling journey, I had many questions (what, where, how) and no tools to find the answers. I also had very little support or understanding from the people I needed it most from. Being shut down after trying to bring up the idea really makes one feel hopeless, especially when I was doing it mostly alone.
‘We could film it,’ Cass says, ‘sell the broadcast rights.’
- Quinoa
Which brings me to a question I've often pondered along with my fellow young adult unschoolers, when we're all alone and the pressure of society's judgement is off.
XXVI
Make lots of pretties for my shop.
Isis cleared her throat. “I don’t know what Nigel has told you about us, but let me assure you, friends don’t do what he and I do.” Isis smiled coyly, waiting for a response from Rayna, but she offered nothing, not even a change in her facial expression.
“But I don’t want to be rude and say you need to go home.”
PC via the embedded USB port, and then
Now....I think I am a pro at finding great stuff at Goodwill....
Makes approximately 4 1/2 -5 dozen whoopie pies.
Even though yogurt has so many good, nutritious things about it, I’m not much of a yogurt person for some reason. Maybe I just never had very good yogurt when I was a kid!
We were given this little wooden basket which we stained with Plaid Folkart stain, colour Apple Butter Brown, how delicious does that name sound.
Check out some excerpts from Todd’s article below:
It is a 20 minute workout, not including the warm-up and cool-down. It is intensive. I am actually on day 5.
Cami: Smart Set, I think. Maybe Suzy Shier
We had some amazing food in Paris, ranging from nice restaurant to street food, but it was all delicious. I kept thinking of thinking of that famous Kate Moss quote, "Nothing tastes as good as skinny feels,"and thought, she must have never eaten the food they have here because it was honestly worth the 10lbs I'm sure I gained. Some of the random deliciousness we had included nutella crepes, this really good cheesy toast, amazing gelato, rich hot chocolate, goat cheese quiche, tart tartin (apple cake), a hot dog in a french baguette covered in cheese (sounds kind of gross, but it was really good!), lots and lots of yummy cappucinos, and the best cupcakes I've ever tried. But I'm pretty sure the best thing I had in Paris that I would go so far as to say is the best thing I've eaten ever was what I had for dinner on Thursday night. We were originally trying to go to this restaurant we had read about in the New York Times, so we walked and walked trying to find it and when we got there it was closed due to the fact that it was Ascension Day, which is apparently a big deal in France. At this point we were tired and starving, so we just decided to head back towards our hostel and find food on the way. We accidentally got off at the wrong Metro stop, and were just not happy campers at this point considering it was like 9:30 at night. So we decided to just go to the first restaurant we saw that was open, and luckily it happened to be a place called Relais Gascon. It was a pretty busy place, and it seemed to be filled with locals, which seemed to be a good sign. We finally got a table and I kept seeing everyone around me order these big salads that looked really good. I was skeptical about getting a salad since I was so hungry, but I decided to order their Salad du Bearnais which consisted of greens, tomatoes, hot goat's cheese, bacon lardons, and a garlic herb dressing, topped with these amazing fried potatoes which were soft like a french fry, but shaped like a potato chip. I don't know what it was about this salad (which clearly wasn't very healthy), but the combination of all these ingredients together was the most delicious thing I've ever eaten, hands down. I'm definitely going to try to make one when I get home because it was amazing!!!
British Gas put up its gas charges by 18 per cent and electricity by 16 per cent in August last year. It then dropped its electricity tariff by five per cent in January.
As it turned out I never did have to go and look for a wheelbarrow.
Alok Industries Ltd
Crows are very social and live in a tight-nit family. A bunch of crows is called a “murder of crows,” which is stupid. I was a bit shocked to hear that they are very susceptible to the West Nile Virus and the disease has wiped out about 45% of the American crows since 1999. That is a lot. But, why doesn’t anyone seem to be alarmed?
A question raised by this prestigious overseas education, worth a total of almost $600,000 at today’s prices, is how it was paid for. Friends said that they didn’t know, though one suggested that Mr. Bo’s mother paid with the earnings of her legal career. Her law firm declined to comment.
Yet whatever one may think about that man (and trust me, I have), the fact remains that somewhere under the sexism is a real and legitimate point. War may at times seem a world of almost masonic mystery where women shouldn’t tread – but how would women feel if a man wrote a novel set in a community of nuns? War is different. There is a kind of unique brotherhood forged between men who stand under fire together, who face death and privation, who have to maim and to kill and stay sane. There is a kind of comradeship very different from that normally enjoyed by women, and if I can’t even acknowledge it then how on earth can I write about it? I do acknowledge it, I’ve talked extensively to modern day veterans to attempt to understand it – but why should I even try?
I must write that I approached with book with trepidation. The Shadow over Innsmouth is one of my favorite Lovecraft tales and I find the concepts and themes explored in the story both alluring and repulsive. Yet the power of the story is in its mystery and I had two concerns for the supplement: How would the town stand up to the harsh scrutiny a detailed supplement would put it under and could it retain its secrets when it was likely that the players themselves knew what went on in the shadows of Innsmouth? I had my suspicions that it would fail on both these accounts. But let’s see for ourselves, shall we?
I was born and I met you
“Does anyone have any questions?”
Today, Day 126 in my attempt to immerse myself in my new culture, I made a pavê – a Brazilian dessert that kind of resembles a tiramisu. Since this was going to involve a number of different elements, I had my husband help me.
Creepily subdued (cheerful even, and more effective for it), teen impotence and Rock
I don't blame that nurse for anything. She was right. I'm 25. My mother had 6 healthy babies. My sisters have each had healthy babies. My Grandmothers had healthy babies and so on. We had absolutely nothing to worry about. We would take from this non-invasive test, freedom. Freedom from worries.
Then it happened, all in slow motion. We slid suddenly to the left, towards the cliff. I reached for my mom. Nick reached for me. My uncle jerked the wheel to the right and floored it. My aunt screamed a cry of terror, my mom grabbed onto the driver’s seat. My older cousin in front of me had a look on his face I’ll never forget. And I knew we were going to die.
I am not a gambler but Las Vegas is one of my favorite places to visit. It is also a wonderful jumping-off point to the National Parks in Utah and Arizona. (For myself, it’s cheaper to fly in and out of Vegas.)
Becoming a mother is a complicated thing. Not only am I trying to negotiate a relationship with my child, I am trying to negotiate a relationship with myself as I attempt to determine how I mother, how I feel about mothering, how I want to mother and how I wish I was mothered.
you need to learn to accept her for who she is.
We see Kelly, licking a crab!
Quote: “That team sure did suck last night. They just plain sucked! I’ve seen teams suck before, but they were the suckiest bunch of sucks that ever sucked.”
The full header gives us both the sender’s address as well as the body of the email. Using the above information would help us greatly in blocking this spam.
Also charged with burglary were: Carlos Goodall, 18, of Valhalla, NY; Mitchell Hundt, 20, of Chicago; Sean Gregg, 18, of Philadelphia; Terrence Hubbard, 23, of Ohio; and East Village resident Decorrus Jones, 25, who has been arrested 31 times for crimes like trespass and petit larceny. “He steals a lot,” cops said of Jones.
We had our picture taken together.
As most woman I also get sold for anything that comes free and on sale, so, I started picking them, but was a bit wary if there would be some creatures around. Despite that, it was too cold that my fingers started getting numb, so I left the idea of picking them. Sad I dint carry my camera with me that day, I couldn’t any pictures of the mussels, mossy rocks etc. But here are few pictures for you that I captured on a bright sunny day, when the tide was high, no shore to be seen and no mossy rocks. It was all under the furious sea. I will share more
5. A full set of Ahmadinejad, Netanyahu, and Assad Voodoo Dolls, complete with pins and a few awesomely effective incantations
In 1999 I had a very vivid dream. In the dream I am standing at the base of a high-rise building. It’s the Brisbane Stock Exchange. Suddenly a large jet airliner crashes into the building. The plane emerges out of the other side and the building collapses. The devastation is immense and all that is left is a large hole in the ground. I am safe but everything around me is destroyed.
My husband says I keep looking for things I could find useful even if I had to rummage through waste. So yesterday I found this desolate looking flower pot in our old and neglected storeroom. I found another ancient and beautiful large vase too, but that I'll talk about in some other post.
Back to limbo.
This toilet paper belongs in the cupboard under the sink.
I realize now that I should have been projecting all of these feelings onto the Occupy Wall Street movement. At least then I would have been accomplishing something, even if there are still many that claim that that movement has accomplished absolutely nothing yet. I believe that they’re obviously wrong, but they won’t believe it until there are concrete policy changes or property damage. Of course, the kinds of people that are quick to disregard OWS are also the kind that wish for the property damage, or the anarchistic sect of OWS’ sudden outpouring of rage against the machine that subjugates us all.
it has a makeshift and homely feel to it, this easily dismantled and lightweight gangplank, emphasising the temporary nature of ferries and crossings, these transitional places, where you are suspended on water surface, while the sea bubbles and froths below you. Where you are kept afloat by belief and by confidence that this water will not abruptly break apart and cast you into its deeps, but it will all hold together, this tiny wooden scooped out shell, floating on the
The N.I.P.P.A.The N.I.P.P.A. logo is based on an image of Busaganashi, the mythical god of karate. Busaganashi is also known as the Nine Heavens Deity of the Palace of Wind and Fire of the Three Field City.
We took the quads in the RV to the San Diego Wild Animal Zoo. The main attraction at the zoo were the quads! People couldn't get enough of them. I never noticed the heards of wild deer or the lion lazing on top of a safari jeep. I didn't hear the toucans or notice the monkeys. My eyes were focused on 4 sets of little feet and the paths they took those little wild bodies!
Happy birthday, Jonathan. Grandmother loves you.
I was suprised to find so many different styles in one place ( storeowners usually buy what they like) , but Lisa really had different types of customers when shopping for the store.
Putting aside this hearsay as a probable exaggeration, it’s fair to say that there just isn’t the depth of experience of old timers on many accounts who have the length of tenure, wisdom and authority to not only take a long term view about what constitutes success but the brakes on any self-serving agenda to throw out the baby with the bathwater and do something new.
While bringing the power of the Fed to bear on the jobs crisis is alluring, there’s still the question of how we raise the revenue. As I suggested above, each model has different attributes. For example, each way of financing Job Insurance has different economic effects: payroll taxes make employment marginally more expensive, Tobin taxes decrease the volatility in our financial markets, and an income tax surcharge would modestly redistribute wealth from the richest to the poorest.
Have a nice day.
We still have two more nights of this farce to go. Tonight they go to Penal and Thursday night the Partnership’s Travelling Comedy Caravan pulls in at Diamondvale.
A thought provoking book. I would imagine it would be hard to be angry at a comatose-dying spouse, even for infidelity. This was what was going through Matt's mind. So what did he do? He loved and respected his wife, Joanie, enough to seek out her lover figuring that would be what she wanted. Then off he goes with his unruly daughters to bring the man to Joanie. Finds out that the lover had a riding on Matt's decision to sell his incredibly huge inherited land and something more personal. This, along with the adventure of having to personally invite Joanie's close friends to visit her to say their goodbyes and prepare to be a single parent was quite a feat for Matt.
After that, there were about a dozen half-finished novels, which are bulging out of my file cabinets. In 2005, I was finally sufficiently disgusted with myself to actually finish a novel. I'll never forget the day I printed out the entire Self-fulfilling Prophecy manuscript. It was like giving birth. The very first one I ever finished. Though that one was never accepted for publication, it will always be special to me.
3.Unschooling is
Limited head
I wake up like clock work every morning due to this internal desire to water and care for these mean green growing machines.
My frame is always round, wooden, light one, and last time I counted I had it in five different sizes. I always lose my scissors during big works, and I keep on looking for that perfect needle.
Fiona: "Yeah yeah. Jenna. It was Jenna's birthday. So you were...were watching her...who's a lot better lookin' than me."
was scaled up by N7 billion,
The white pins are all of the places I've been in the US. The blue pins are all of the places I've been overseas. The red pins are all of the places I've lived and the single yellow pin is for where I'm going next...which currently is Madrid!
The cottage kitchen version of the make-over should run a DIYer around $1500, while the other version would run around $1000, with careful shopping. Not too shabby, when typical kitchen renovations cost in the tens of thousands!
Thorn noticed Jason snap a picture of her with his phone as she bent over her client.
Wondering where I have been? Well it has been a BUSY week....
Please note that just the day before, The Man of the Place endeared himself to me yet again by scraping and painting the bird table. He also made a new roof for the bird table as the old one was deemed to be rotten.
I'll tell you what, this Tefal Pro Express Turbo Iron is one big mofo of a unit (the ghetto talk is seriously the only expression to describe it when you're expecting something more petite). It's the Hummer of the ironing world!
Lol. I have no idea! I’m always on the verge of sharing way too much about myself. Oh! I don’t think I’ve told you how many times I saw Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix in the theaters. (15) Funny thing, that’s my least favorite book of the series. But I worked at the theater at
the peril I was in ~
(8:9-10) His disciples asked him what this parable meant. He said, “The knowledge of the secrets of the kingdom of God has been given to you, but to others I speak in parables, so that, ” ‘though seeing, they may not see; though hearing, they may not understand.’
I took the image and did a transfer onto a vintage flashcard. I really love how cleanly it turned out. Then I got this crazy idea to see if the varitone ink would work on top of the transfer. For those of you who don't know what varitone ink it's an ink created by Coffee Break that turns brown when you heat it, so it looks burnt and distressed. The cool thing about it is once it's been heated, its permanent-so you don't have to worry about the color running or changing if you do something on top of it. What wound up happening was that the ink took to all the spots where the transfer tore, so that once I heated it, they turned a lovely distressed brown. I also sponged some around the outside of the image and heated it.
Julia can do almost anything, thanks to the forward-thinking and omniscient genius possessed by her creator, and the statutorily-imposed generosity of her human counterparts.
Five months before Earth Day, on Sunday, November 30, 1969, The New York Times carried a lengthy article by Gladwin Hill reporting on the astonishing proliferation of environmental events:
I know there are people who are down on New Year’s resolutions for various reasons, but I am of the opinion that they can be a huge help to us as we strive to become more like Jesus in the different aspects of our lives. Here are some reasons why I think this (with regard to spiritual resolutions in particular).
R11
‘Watch. Listen. The words to the next song you hear. The information in the next article you read. The story line of the next movie you watch. The chance utterance of the next person you meet. Or the whisper of the next river, the next ocean, the next breeze that caresses your ear…’
I have been through this before, and I was again a little apprehensive to reply so quickly. Before I knew it, I was on the phone talking to Mr. Hill about my incident at his store.
Do not offer unnecessary information: If it isn’t relevant to your book or article’s topic, I don’t need to know it. Unnecessary information can include where you live, all the places you have lived, how many children you have, your marital status, why you haven’t published anything yet, anything personal like your divorce, how long you have been writing, your religious affiliation, and on and on and on. I don’t need you to tell me about where you live-I can get that from the return address on the envelope. If you’re writing a fantasy novel, I don’t need to know about your children, your divorce, or what religion you are. If you are writing an article about religion, it might be relevant to tell me about your religion, but that is not necessarily always the case. If you are writing a children’s book, telling me about your children and how they love your book is not going to convince me-of course your children love Mommy’s book.
안녕하세요~
1/4 cup of sweet chili sauce
In Egypt, a long process of discrimination in the public service began in 1929. In 1945-1948, Jews were excluded from the public service. In 1947, Jewish schools were put under surveillance and forced to Arabize and Egyptianize their curricula. Community organizations were forced to submit their member lists to the Egyptian state after May 1948 and until 1950. In 1949, Jews were forbidden to live in the vicinity of King Farouk's palaces.
A few students and I set up the classroom at the end of the day Thursday by preparing each station. Here's a look at the room before.
Until later,
I don't know how these dudes could swallow! She stared at them for all 10 minutes they were choosing and sampling all types of gelato.
The boy’s older sister became aware of the affair and told her parents.
It's still pretty simple in format (when I have time, I'll spruce it up), but I hope you join me there from now on!
The strange thing is for someone so physically active I don't want to learn to dance Flamenco myself.
Lego™ man
Step 3. Slide your knitting needle through the loop you've just made, and pull the working yarn (this is the end that comes off the ball of wool, we call it the working yarn, because it is the end used to make all the new stitches), until a stitch is formed on your needle. I refer to the other end as the tail.
Sunbathing fly
"Who do I write for? Volunteers. People who are in the artworld because of art."
“Everything was happening without my participation. My fate was being decided without anyone so much as asking my opinion.”
Watch Online – DailyMotion
I was inspired by the cute cowboy on this card of Neva's and in true Neva fashion my card incorporates multiple challenges! My super hero is a digi imge from Mo's Digital Pencil called 'Ta Da' from the Super Kid set. My sentiment is from Half Pint Heroes by Waltzingmouse . I colored the image with Copics, die cut it with a circle Nestability, sponging it with Mustard Seed distress ink before taking it out of the die. I layered it to a pinking circle Nestability. I cut the red star patterned paper with Tim Holtz Rosette die and layered it over the bottom strip. The background is embossed with Square Lattice from SU.
5. Tonny Odera and R. L. Malinowski (2011), Guidelines for Assisting Victims of Human Trafficking in the East Africa Region, International Organization for Migration(IOM) ,Geneva, Switzerland. Available online here
I had to make all of them~except the mulch, BUT I had to haul it and put it in place! Does this count? LOL!
‘O upon easy sunshine, deception.’
I am available as a speech writer for weddings, Bar Mitzvah’s and children's parties. Contact me via email if interested.
Pacify your abuser.
In response to Mr. Obama, Mr. Boehner said: “The sad truth is that the president wanted a blank check six months ago, and he wants a blank check today. That is just not going to happen.”
5 Reptile (Matthias Zimmermann Remix) 6:27
Do you judge uprightly, you sons of men?
Weight: 12.8kg
Deception was my Job: Soviet Subversion of the Free World Press: Yuri Alexandrovich Bezmenov (also known as Tomas David Schuman; 1939 – 1997), former journalist for RIA Novosti and a former KGB informant from the Soviet Union, interviewed by Edward G. Griffin
Note that if you use a midspan injector, you don’t run every network device through it – only the devices that require power. So you wouldn’t run standard Ethernet devices such as your printers or PCs through it. E.g.:
Taobao does have an online payment platform called Alipay, but I think it's only limited in China, so that's out of question. Taobao does not directly accept from PayPal, so you need an agent who can buy the stuff for you and you pay through PayPal to your agent.
Commonwealth of Learning
Then came Dana with Shabby Chic Addiction. She posted on her Facebook that she also decided not to be a vendor and would I come and shop with her. She couldn't manage a booth on her own. I took the bait and we talked about running a booth together. It was a perfect fit. We were both newbies to the show and could support each other, and while we hoped to sell some items, we wanted the experience of going and would be happy just to have a good time. We did that and then some! Dana sold every last thing she brought to the event, and I sold probably 85-90% of the items I brought. It was such an amazing day. We made a bunch of new friends, gained a TON of experience and are so excited to participate in the Spring show. Dana and I have big, bIG BIG plans for the day.
The excerpt is from Page 87 under the heading, "I'M DEAD, BUT I GOT BETTER" and addresses ways in which death can have meaning considering in comics (and in sci-fi, fantasy, horror films and books) that people die and come back ALL the time. His advice is:
- That God is NOT doing something in the world
Who pays for the "fair deals"?
Somehow we managed to make it to the church at the agreed time of 9:30am with plenty of time to take a few breaths, freshen up and talk to our soon to be married little brother! I was just so proud of him and my whole family, it was really special to have everyone there together on this significant day.
Ne gyeoteuro eodieseo wannyago
In stillness of the night, kindness and beauty I crave
“Show me the real me,” I whispered into the black glass, my breath fogging the sleek surface. “Let me be a good person, please. I’m a good person.”
Valley
Soon after that meeting Alison drafted in reinforcements. A colleague with an unparalleled ability to drone on for hours telling us about her own experience of anything connected with the book in question. She was unbearably dull. And she was Dutch, so our cosy moaning sessions were somewhat curtailed. I realised that every time I went to book club I came away with a headache. And I quit.
Some of the biggest Wind Farms are located around Sweetwater Texas
On the seventh day, at the zenith of his anguish, David smashed open the cabinet containing his ancestor’s keepsakes and, carefully picking through the shards of glass, retrieved the journal. The boy was found several hours later by the stable master , rifling through the pages of the manuscript, with a look upon his face of someone who had recently discovered first-hand what genitalia were actually for. When he was brought before his Father and Mother with not a trace of shame visible they both turned a strange purple colour. Almost as a mirror image of one another, shaking bodily, lips tightly pursed with the occasional squealing expulsion of air escaping them, accompanied by something guttural and constrained that started In each of their throats and differed only slightly in pitch. Then came the roaring – a twin stream of high volume words that crashed against one another and knocked David arsewards in ecstasy. To him the cacophony was like a choir of angels, as if heaven had split the sky and emptied all the wonders of existence directly into his ears with enough force to split his skull.
And for this treason against the dollar and its ghost (the petrol-dollar), Libya, its economy, its leader, and its people have been dealt with and decimated.
Hello Trauma. I hate you.
SUCH AS:
“The truth is that in our lives we are all going to encounter questions that should be answered, that deserve to be answered, and yet probe unanswerable. Can we find meaning to life without those answers? Can we find a way to acknowledge the reality (and injustice) of suffering without giving in to hopelessness? Those are the questions I think Miles is confronting at the end, and I wanted to argue that through forgiveness, it is possible to live a full and hopeful life – even if our world is saturated with injustice and loss.”
Convincing his coach to put him back in the game, Chris Paul helped rally the Clippers from as much as 27 points down, to a thrilling win, 99-98. The win tied the NBA playoff record for the largest come from behind win from a 21 point deficit.
Deepak Chopra
I tried to take the blow and learn my lesson, and walked with my head a little low for the next few days, reminding myself that it wasn't a big deal to lose one, even though it was almost 10 years ago that I bought them, and that I should have taken better care of them in the first place. I tried to reassure myself of the position of these earrings in the greater scheme of things these days (I mean, I just brought a child into this world after all) and even thought about turning the remaining earring into a pendant.
So, I find myself in an interesting dilemma. Who’s to say how things will work out? But I will most definitely keep writing, and making videos, and in general just living my life. And we’ll just have to wait and see how things go from there.
Seeing my little baby Boy laying on the hospital bed, obviously in discomfort, not recognising him because of the rashes and swelling is tough to say the least. Add lack of sleep to the mix and emotional wreaks emerge.
Manaus, Brazil
And forever they will say,
horde ( thank you, Sigmund) .. Keep reading the books and the runes, Lord L
Annie is well and truly addicted to writing.. and to certain characters and plotlines…..might be argued that this is not a positive thing….Be Annies buddy during NaNo here or just stalk her shameless self promotions here on Twitter or here on Audio Boo and start your escape into her world here
You can use the commercial Biryani pulav masala(1/4 tsp ) instead of Whole Garam masala if you wish to make it less spicy.
It is our mission to expose the dark and sinister agenda that fuels the dark little elitist hearts of the Times' editorial board.
constituted businesses – with each business separately registered at Companies House as a ‘Private Limited Company’. For
Inside the house isn't nearly as lovely as outside; its all clutter & cleaning projects that make me wince ... like my carpet needs a serious cleaning. Ah, the joy of owning three large dogs & living out in the country without the blessing that would be hard wood floors. There is too much to do to prepare for the holiday & I haven't got enough hands to juggle it all.
In saucepan, stir together sugar and cornstarch.
Willie Mays - .214 with 4 homers and 16 RBI's.
Everything was running smoothly until the nice young man from Lowe's came to measure our current counter tops. he informed us that in order for the counters to fit flush with the wall, a portion of wood panelling would have to be removed. Cool. Fine. We needed to take it out anyway because we planned on continuing the subway tile backsplash all the way up in this new "desk area" we're creating in the kitchen.
Feelings finally unified with their nature
Once all of the ingredients are combined, turn the heat on low and allow the oatmeal to s-l-o-w-l-y heat, stirring often. Be patient. I've done this different ways, and I've found it's best to add everything to the cold pan, and then heat it together slowly. When I've rushed the heat, I ended up with a grainy texture and small pieces of cooked egg instead of the thick, smooth, custard-like consistency you want. Good Saturday Morning Oatmeal takes time!
as well as my bed
Perceived my way before my hair went gray!
Remember the fiasco over PACE in June 2011? For a few mad weeks, the government lost control of the reins of power in one small but hugely important area. You can read about the whole sorry event here.
“I’m mostly better. I’ll go to work.”
paul simon- "graceland"
and One blessed hopper will win this month’s Bread Basket Bundle!!!
144. “Champions are propelled by desire, not compelled by fear.” – Denis Waitley
she looked for the first time at the
The Lompoc is dark and grimy, the kind of thing that makes for a really comfortable hangout. Walking in the front door you first encounter a small bar framed by a hops motif in tile. The walls seem encrusted with funny pictures, fliers, old brewery ads, news-clippings, and beer bottles. The look seems classically nostalgic at first, but I think its really just a big sarcastic joke. Ha! To the right is the main seating area, and to the left of the bar are a few tables that are non-smoking before 8 and a hallway that leads past the kitchen to a large patio in back.
I am prophesying to my children here tonight; out of you shall come president, out of you shall come great rulers, out of you shall come managing directors. In the name of Jesus you will reach the top.
As in, “Honey, we all do it! It’s the new way to communicate. You’re just makin’ life harder!”
"Impact Investing"
This happened a long, long time ago, maybe a life time ago! At a time when I had long, black hair, not a touch of those ‘stress related highlights’, when I was in a perpetual sense of wonderment of all the things around me, I was easily amazed, easily happy, when I went places, I actually took the sights and sounds in instead of looking around constantly to see if my kids are within my eyesight, when my thoughts didn’t wander from one schedule to the next, my face didn’t sport the worry lines, it easily broke into a smile, when I thought, felt, experienced! Wow, MUST have been a long time ago. Now that we have established the time frame, on to the main story.
The police found the bodies of Filip Slavkovski, Aleksandar Nakjevski, Cvetanco Acevski, Kire Trickovski and Borce Stevkovski at what looked like an execution scene.
Pour the batter over the base in the springform pan. Gently sprinkle the walnut pieces over the batter.
The Conference Board’s Consumer Confidence Index (CCI) and the University of Michigan Consumer Sentiment Survey both pointed to consumer confidence remaining generally unchanged between March and April 2012. Nonetheless, viewing the overall indexes from both surveys using a 3-month moving average, one can still see an appreciable increase in consumer confidence since the third quarter of last year. The current and expected conditions indexes for each survey moved in opposite directions this month, but once again consumers are tending to view current economic conditions and their expectations for conditions 6 months hence more optimistically.
15 min Saccharification Heat to 154.0 F over 5 min 154.0 F
pens
'The Question' will be a series for this blog where every so often, I'll post a question in the title, accompanied by a short post. Its main purpose is to get bloggers and readers talking and sharing ideas. They may be controversial, funny or just plain weird. Each of the posts will be labelled so that if you want quick access to all 'The Question' topics you can find them in the topic list in the right column of the blog...
The other families we met at Billy's old school are truly second to none. Smart, funny, accepting people who continue to welcome us into their lives even though we have spent a whole school year apart. The adults are the kind of folk teenage me hoped to be have as grown up friends, and the kids are beautiful centred human beings with passions and talents they love to share. I know we throw the word around a bit too much these days, but truly... in terms of these people, we are blessed.
There's rules in everything we do, and while the best chefs and the best authors know that sometimes rules CAN be bent or broken...there's generally good sense in following them.
261 **8. “Damski Redux” (on homosexuality in the United States today). Windy City Times, Chicago, Illinois, December 29, 1994, p. 12. (Incorporated in Item C-1995(4), below, pp. 88-89, n. 201, and in Item C-1997(9), below, pp. 155-57.) See Item D-I/24/1999, below.
So, I mentioned that I lost 10 lbs. since January 2. Being in my early-ish forties, I find the weight piles on faster when I'm not careful and can be downright stubborn to get rid of once its found a cozy parking spot. But I've found a recipe for shrinking safely and since I've had a few questions as to HOW I'm doing it, I thought I'd quickly summarize the 10 easy things I've been doing and not doing to shake off a bit of my holiday boom-boom.
My dear husband was at home with the kids these five days and trying to work and juggle schedules, etc. He was anxious for me to come home, so on Tuesday night at about 8:30, I left Provo for my trek home. It was late to be leaving, tired as I was, but I didn't want to stress D out any more than he was. As I was driving, my tears, held together most of the day, were bursting to come out. But to drive safely, I couldn't let them come.
Meanwhile, MillerCoors has opened a front in the Craft Beer Wars in Wisconsin, home to my beloved New Glarus. Their corporate legislators have introduced a bill that would remove the option of a brewer to choose to self-distribute, require new distributors to have 25 accounts before they can get a license, prohibit a brewery from owning two restaurants (think BJ's or Gordon Biersch), and would prohibit a distributor from investing in a Wisconsin brewery but allow investment in an out-of-state or foreign brewery.
“I was being sarcastic, Dr. Borden.”
A month later
I have more recipes, but I am going to tease you with them. Because I am evil (and too lazy to type a real post right now.) In the meantime, check out my newly, and *ahem* finally updated cookie recipe page. Yeah, the last update I posted there was in October, but….I’m a busy girl.
We spent time together as a family attending quite a few of the festivities and as well as some time at the beach. I even got in a bit of shopping....I'll post more photos later this week!
2 responsible
And thats just the tip of the iceberg! SHEESH! The only movie in that list I'll stand behind is Zoolander, though I have not seen Return Of The Living Dead 5: Rave To The Grave which I must say intrigues me. I guess Blade II is OKAY.
Everyone must have thought this was the fountain of youth because most of us there had more wrinkles in ourselves than our jeans. After sass-shaying around the grounds and in and out of the “fountain” part of the party, I did feel a little better. See there? I told you. It was hot so I go me another bottle of youth and plopped down in an empty chair and just stared at all the people. Everyone seemed to feel younger than their gray hair indicated. I did. How come that is, reckon?
And finally, the eagle eyed of you, will have spotted Mango-Pango bear sat on the jewellery anvil. I kept my promise and returned him to full fitness last night. He seemed quite pleased until I tried to take him back to the children's room at which point he began shouting expletives at me. Something about them not knowing how to treat a bear of his standing in the community.
Because of the misunderstanding and stigma surrounding gender identity, children are often horrifically bullied, even in their own families.
Route Topo Maps
3. Favorite leisure activity?
Well its 2010 and I know already that for one family it is a time of anguish, a time a son was lost, the irreplaceable taken, tonight as I write this, another man rushes, his face grim and his movements purposely controlled, lest his fear be made manifest and his false calm betray him, he rushes to be near his father, to be near the man who gave him life, heartbreak is only around the corner, intruding and always unwanted. So tonight I pray for both families but I no longer know to which god, no longer have faith as I once had it, seeing the church as a collaborating betrayer, a shadow of what it once was and indeed what it can be, more to, I question my allegiance to that man of other climes, to that person from that other place and so spiritually I am lost, although I know I believe in something, for me it has no name, not anymore.
In Chicago, Occupy protesters – watched closely by police – gathered outside Bank of America branches, chanting ‘Banks got bailed out, we got sold out’. Police blocked an entrance to a bank as numbers swelled.
Wow, if I was rich and woke up with David Beckham every morning you would never get a cheesy grin off MY face.
Every once in a while, it’s a good idea to skim through your inbox and glean some wisdom from the heavy hitters. You can usually figure out why some emails made it to your inbox, whether they got your attention, or if they use a subject line technique that you think is something you can totally replicate. Here on the happy side of my spam filter, my inbox was peppered with goodies like these:
curry leaves- 1 string
Seductive. All it takes is a higher end brand than Calvin Klein pro stretch are really comfortable, you never get hot or feel uncomfortable. The original series is also worn for support and a bra you'll wonder how you ever lived without. Sexy fabric - a blend of 87% Cotton and 9% Elastane you're sure to enjoy every pound of CK 1 a top choice for casual use perfume. Packed in 1.70 oz bottles and weighing 0.30 lbs, you are a woman, it's for you.
They are however, really soft. I lost the ballband (of course I did) and I think there might be some silk in these babies!
I honestly have the best inlaws ever.
Anarchist groups such the “hacktivist” organization, Anonymous – known for utilizing the internet for social justice purposes will be “undoubtedly” in attendance “causing website mischief,” a problem that Zoufal and many city officials are particularly worried about regarding the city of Chicago’s overall safety.
"Hurry back, the photographers are here." Abby finger-combed her hair and adjusted her collar so her medal shone in the sun.
Nearly a quarter of 18- to 29-year olds said Christians “demonize everything outside the church,” while 22 percent said the church is “ignoring the problems of the real world.”
I bought some spinach recently without even thinking about what I was going to do with it. I have been wanting to make pesto for awhile but in the winter you just can't find good basil and when you do it's already going bad in the store. Plus it's pretty expensive to buy enough to make pesto. I'm looking forward to the summer when I will have fresh basil in the backyard and plenty of it too!
See you, Dad! I’m sure that’s what she says. Every time I watch I’m even more certain. I pause the clip. Play. Pause. Play. Pause. I see her mouth form the shapes.
Do fans idolise their objects of affection too much sometimes? And if so, where to draw the line?
CVS Caremark Corp – Co. reported 1Q12 profit at USD 776m vs. previous USD 713m. EPS at 59 cents a share vs. previous 52 cents a share. Adj. EPS at 65 cents vs. estimated range of 61 to 63 cents vs. previous 57 cents a share. Revenue at USD 30.8b vs. estimated USD 30.31b. FY12 EPS at USD 3.23 to USD 3.33 a share vs. estimated USD 3.18 to USD 3.28 a share. (Fox Business/Dow Jones Newswires)
Gabriella wore a lemon pettiskirt from Dreamspun Kids (splurge alert!), along with a matching hair clip that I attatched to a white elastic headband. Her camisole onesie is from Janie and Jack, and her sandals are from the Gymboree outlet. Oh and my dress was just on sale at Macy's. :-)
I just saw Despicable Me (the whole way through) for the first time, and may I just say, it was GREAT! I really enjoyed Julie Andrews as Mr. Gru's mother.... her fake accent was hilarious, as well as her cackle! That movie cracked me up, and it was just so adorable to see a despicable person like Gru softening up and warming to those three adorable little girls. I loved the part when the youngest girl, Agnes, won the unicorn from the carnival and she said "It's so fuzzy!" Priceless. And the little yelow minions were adorable! I was wondering though, were they speaking in Spanish? Sometimes it sounded like the minions were saying some Spanish words but other times I heard English words.
He's been (lovingly) named El Señor Chubby Chub Chubs. One of the kids made it up. I don't know. It stuck.
You Ask Me To
You can consolidate a series of articles of a similar theme and package them as a report or listing of information. While you may think that anyone can do this, you'd be surprised how little of this is done.
For entrees tonight, I was absolutely torn. I really wanted to try the Cassoulet, especially at a restaurant like this, however, I was already starting to fill up. Plus Joe said that he was going to order it, and I really didn't want to order the same thing, so we agreed that he could try some of my entree, and I could try some of his. Needless to say, I am glad that we agreed to this!
Thanx, take care but have fun! M, (*_*)
Finishing the last stitches on the binding as the sun sets and the wind grows more chilly...
Here is the stash of yarn I've accumulated over the past couple of weeks. Some of this is from Knitpicks too.
I've been looking forward to Anish Kapoor's "Leviathan" sculpture at the Grand Palais because I have a weakness for oversized installation art. Lucien was forced to come along -- he is my ambivalent and occasionally grumpy art-seeking companion. You can tell from the picture above he thought it was really something special.
Where the movie really falls apart is in the story. I’m not sure who can be blamed for this, but Seth Grahame-Smith has to shoulder most of the responsibility. The movie is overly long and yet crammed with too many story threads to really do service to all the characters. There are some plot points that just pop up out of nowhere, and you wonder why there was a need to put them in. This movie all most begs to be a series of movies as there is a wealth of stories to use, but in one fell swoop it’s blown it’s load so to speak. I’m not sure if it was a want to reference as many story lines from the original series as possible but it just didn’t work.
I am lucky. I’ve been able to release this tension through walks, through tears, and — at the beginning — through screaming. I have not passed all the landmarks of grief — some people experience their worst pain at eight months, others need two years just to regain their equilibrium, and of course, there are all those firsts that are yet to come: the first Thanksgiving, first Christmas, first anniversary of his death — but perhaps the worst of the storms have passed. Or I could be fooling myself. This sad but not terribly painful stage I am going through could be just a hiatus, the eye of a storm, and the forces of grief are gathering themselves for a new onslaught. These months of grief survival, however, have taught me that I will be able to endure whatever comes.
The same could be said for walks/runs/cycling across states, provinces and countries. Done like dinner, with all due respects to pioneers like Canada’s hero, Terry Fox.
and heart string music must be played
Add about a half cup of flour or so, and gently stir it into the mixture. A soft dough will begin to form. This is good. Add a little more flour until the dough becomes something you can knead. The idea is to have as little flour in the dough as possible, so don't go crazy. Then turn it out onto a (clean) lightly floured surface and give it a quick knead.
When I told them the name of my hotel, which was only about five minutes drive away, they told me I would never find it.
Truffle or kosher salt to taste
The TeAL team found that it wasn’t a good idea simply to ask cold. The first responses tended to be cursory, vague and conservative. It became clear that academics needed a conversation with TeAL team prior to completing the form, in order to apprise them of the possibilities and create an appetite for change. TeAL tried to arrange a presence at programme meetings etc.
Here is a closer look at the pretty lady. I added these tear drop pearls to her hair.
We have had overcast sky with hours of rain and drizzle this week. The forecast thunder never made an appearance.
Southern Sun Pub and Brewery Super Kind
It has adorable cap sleeves but the weather has been ridiculous here, so I had to wear a sweater to keep from freezing.
Drill, baby drill!
I'm looking forward to making some rhubarb/apple crumble today, and I've spied some elder trees in flower today. I think they're on the rear path. I'm going to have to check and see where they are, and check the smell to see if they're worth harvesting. I've got a few bottles I can use to bottle up some cordial.
Little crazy - you!
Defending justice—was that such a joke?
You would be surprised at how many times we are asked this and by who. Friends,family members,complete strangers. You do realize that this is my child right? She isn't a lame dog I decided to go ahead and keep. She is my heart, my soul and my every breath. Just as your child is yours. Think about how crazily protective you are when your child is hurt or helpless. That is my child's reality. Do not mess with me. For the mothers that ask their own daughters this question about their daughters and grandchildren. Shame on you. You can ask things like...."Are her friends really helpful.?" Wonderful way to get your nosy, uneducated, question asked without you sounding like an insensitive ass.
After several weeks of spring yard work and cleaning out the gardens to reveal the tiny shoots of greenery just peeking through the damp earth, I woke up to several inches of snow this morning. I knew it was coming, had read the news the evening before, and when I finally went to bed shortly before midnight the snow was already starting to come down. I have to say, I not only don't mind, but I'm feeling quite peaceful about it. There's something very calming about a late snow, as though the momentum we had been riding requires a hiatus, a breather, a reminder to Be Here Now,* to be a part of the great I Am.
A few months ago my dentist told me to start using fluoride. Before I had the chance to use it, I received a health email talking about the dangers of using fluoride.
For that me and my sister have come up with some new abaya ideas. We wanted them to be simple, modest and not over the top but it let us be the individuals we are ( helps my husband spot me in the mall when i am drooling over the jeweler store window as well).
Its this fantastical approach to storytelling that made me love John Carter. It reminded me of being a kid and watching Star Wars: A New Hope for the very first time. I was introduced to an alien world where the possibilities are endless. The good guys are good, the bad guys are bad, the aliens are goofy, and the whole story carries an undeniable charm.
I don’t think I need even mention the problems in remembering dates. Perhaps the only dates I do remember are the birthdays of my parents and brother, mine of course, and a few more dear and near ones. Thank God for FaceBook. Keeps reminding me of the birthdays. For those people who don’t put their birthdays up on FaceBook, please start now, atleast for the sake of those suffering from the Ghajini Effect.
Negroni
I didn't do that this Sunday morning. The thought (and this, I swear, is historic) never occurred. Because I had gone to sleep reading Buzz Bissinger's Father's Day, and, on waking, I was so wild in my want to finish the book that habit had no power over me. Subtitled A Journey Into the Mind & Heart of My Extraordinary Son, Buzz's book is a memoir about fatherhood and about a trip he took with his adult son, a second-born twin named Zach. Read the flap copy and you'll know why the story—about not wanting and getting, about bewilderment and exhilaration, about doing wrong and being wronged and loving hard and forever—should be important. Read the book to find out why it (absolutely, you-can't-deny-me-this) is.
I hope everyone is having a great weekend and a great Mother's Day!
for the salad:
She claims if you put your ring around the candle of someone's cake when they blow out the candle... if YOU make a wish it will come true....
happiness of believers. Its doctrines
revealed by artist's eyes and hands long ago
Hopefully my idea was useful to you!
Brighton DPAC who will be phoning Atos on the mornings of Monday 12th and Monday 19th of December have produced a script/template which can be read out, or emailed/faxed to Atos. Visit their fb event page (below) for details.
1 cup (225 g) unsalted butter, softened to room temperature
He said that I shouldn't ever drink that stuff again. I am apparently an angry drunk.
Henry came to speak with second years about the placements program that Modo have been running with the university product design department for the last two years. Each year, Modo have taken a minimum of two full time students to work as part of the in house design team at their studio.
In a lot of ways, we’re in the same boat. We’re surviving as it is, but we can’t take on many more families.
Cardstock: Bazzill Basics & Papertrey Ink
Your lips abuzz
Five sisters. Tati, the beautiful one, destined to fall in love with a man lost to the fairies. Jena, the sensible one, who searches for her own destiny as she tries to hold all the threads of her family’s life together. Iulia, the romantic one. Paula, the scholar. And Stela, the youngest.
The Harry Potter films have been consistently above average in quality, and while certain installments were better than the others and vice-versa, the Deathly Hallows: Part Two, and the rest of the Potter pictures are well worth the time. If you’ve seen the other movies, you owe it to yourself to see Part Two and finish off the series. But then you probably already knew that, didn’t you?
Anyway, all this to say there is so much information out there and all of it is conflicting. I will say if an article has a product to sell you to fix your problem, stay away. It's just a commercial for their product.
I like these dresses from Saja. They're different, there's a certain sweetness to them that I love. If they speak to you too, consider dropping in on their semi-annual trunk show:
So I discovered that you can add a second blog roll as a separate gadget. So the Blogs I follow are now listed alphabetically in 2 different Blog Rolls. I did not want to slight anyone. However, if you Blog is dormant for several months, I will still follow you but delete it from my Blog Roll .
Meanwhile ... in Utah on Christmas Day ... Ben and his girlfriend, Kaye went to my parents's house. Here they are with my nieces and niece and nephew to be - Ben, Kaye, Destry ("Fall down a well, eyes go crossed. Get kicked by a mule, they back to normal. I don't know." See? No original thought - just movie lines), Heidyn, Tanner, and Ashley.
Also, I am teaching myself hip hop through you tube. It is so fun and has sort of taken over my life. (when I am not seeing to my kids' needs, cleaning the house, making meals, or working on art projects, that is).
#1 Credit Suisse's Fixed Income Research unit: "We seem to have entered the last days of the euro as we currently know it. That doesn’t make a break-up very likely, but it does mean some extraordinary things will almost certainly need to happen – probably by mid-January – to prevent the progressive closure of all the euro zone sovereign bond markets, potentially accompanied by escalating runs on even the strongest banks."
The popularity of the sites is drawing huge traffic and as a result many more sites are mushrooming everyday. While most of them have a set of common features some are more popular than the others. You can login to one of them and start finding your partner.
“I know this is very forward. Please don’t think me a rogue, but I’ve been sitting here listening to you, trying to focus on your words whilst imagining what it would be like to kiss you.”
...Americans first became familiar with the task force in November 2009, when it made the controversial decision to recommend that women ages 40-49 shouldn't get routine mammograms. More recently, it rebuffed routine prostate-cancer screening and the use of tests that detect the viruses that can cause cervical cancer.
Kamla blames PNM for Hanging Bill woes.
The Scandinavians call kick sledding, "sparking." Well, that's what I'm told, but I'm not sure it sounds the same in Norwegian. Some Scandinavians commute to work and school with kick sleds. We have some kick sleds here at Dodge that the Preschoolers and visiting school agers use, but you can try out this great cardio activity too. Dodge hosts events like Frosty Fun, when the general public can have at our kick sleds, but some local parks also provide kick sleds for your pleasure. Visit Lebanon Hills Regional Park in Eagan and glide over a frozen lake or plan a longer route and pack a snow picnic. Mountain Boy company makes a home grown version and the Hearth Song and Magic Cabin retailers sell kick sleds too.
Just 2 more cards to show. It is that time of the year when many of the classes don't go for lack of students. All the snowbirds have flown home. I don't blame them. We're getting some very warm temperatures already.
To my son-in-love Frankie, and my soon-to-be-daughter-in-love Sloane--I am so thankful that God has chosen me to be your mother-in-love. I pray that I can do this as well as my own mother-in love. Thank you, Sue, for being the best example.
I play a cleric in Carter's Lands of Ara campaign, and Cleric is a class that back in the olden days always seemed fairly lame. Not really a super Fighter, not really a great Magic-user. Maybe with the passage of years I've figured out the mechanics that make a B/X/LL Cleric pretty awesome. Maybe I've figured out that in real life I generally act like a Cleric without meaning to. That's just how I behave. But what is it that I'm trying to do for rest of the team?
To be shooting at and threatenin’ with hell,
Written with thanks to Three Word Wednesday for the word prompts of “draft, locate, serenity”. It’s been a while since a poetry prompt was helpful to me but this one really was, I think.
And finally, my favorite photo of J17 from pre-prom last night:
The hardest part was making the ears (ok not really) and the bows (a little harder) out of fondant.
Earlier this week, Sirius quietly updated its Android app to include interactivity functions like rewind, pause, and skipping, not to mention program scheduling and automatic, pre-programmed channel-surfing. This is now available to Android-using Sirius subscribers, and closely follows the announcement of a plan to launch a Pandora-like competitor.
www.songsalive.org for details (click on chapters and then los angeles) and to contact us (from the website). Also check out our Meetup group listed on the website
My mother in law: That was a hard one, she remembers. She is now in her 60s. I don't ask for details, though she might tell. It is enough (too much) to consider what I know already. She met her husband when she was still a girl, 13 or 14. What would it be like, to know only one man, your entire life. How disappointing it would be, how sad. Others call this beautiful. Maybe I don't know anything.
These are just a few of the things that put me into a bad mood. I just feel that people can really be better than what they normally are. Another thing I get upset at is lazy people. Ahhhhhhh. I have to stop. Just typing the statement lazy people frustrates me. People are good and should focus on making themselves better people. I’m going to do this for myself and going to try not to focus on what everyone else is doing. I can only control one person and that’s me. Smile, have a great day and have fun at what ever you do.
I was tired by then, and mostly glad that G was ready to leave. Others were going hang around for a bit and then head to a restaurant. It would have been nice, but I didn't need it, and I'm eating quite enough non-diet type food as it is.
Malts: Rahr Pale, Weyermann Vienna, Simpson Medium Crystal, Light Malt extract
By the way you can click on these photos to make them bigger. I would like them to come out bigger as I post them but don't know how to do that.
I don’t feel judged or boxed up. I don’t feel pre-identified. I don’t feel like every move I make is being scrutinized. I don’t feel anxious when I’m around or away from them. I don’t wonder if they’re being honest with me. And I don’t demand anything from them.
It’s not a good idea to stay a student all your life
other factors, he felt that the actual performance venue
of two separate bodies, one with expertise that is advisory and regulatory and the other adjudicatory’. This brilliant suggestion, in fact, has a dual effect of institutionalizing technical assistance in adjudication and at the same time ensuring judicial independence. Just like the National Litigation Policy 2010, the situation calls for an immediate reassessment of tribunalisation in India and the Government should refocus on formulating a policy rather than prolonging litigation.
Yesterday on the way to work, I heard a remarkable piece on NPR's Morning Edition about Donna Britt. Donna Britt is an author and a mother who is also Black. She and her sons explained how, beginning in their pre-teens, Donna would prepare them for a world of potential judgment and prejudice by telling them how to act in public to avoid drawing attention to themselves or appearing suspicious. Her sons told stories of how they have responded to provocation and suspicion throughout their lives. It was eye-opening and heartbreaking, because as a White male I have never had to think about those things.
“What’s going on?” she asked.
I had sought counseling after Dad had died but when I became pregnant, there was a whole other slew of emotions…my Mom had said that Dad had the hardest time dealing with the fact that he would never know his grandchildren. He would ask “who’s going to tell them about me?” Ugh, even writing about it makes me weepy.
The Bible teaches the exact opposite of what Barton says. Barton’s presentation is that America is great because of its Christian heritage. Then James Dobson says that the proof America is favored by God is its weapons of mass destruction that God provided. The notion that the humble Nazarene Jesus who was crucified by the mighty Romans, coerced by the steeped in tradition hypocrite stone carrying Jews, today provides weapons of mass destruction to destroy the very people he died to save is saying that God thinks like man. It is absurd and a great insult to a loving God who sent his Son to die for sinners to present God as a serial killer.
The post that I had written for today seems insignificant compared to what took place last night.
If Europe is the fire, which fire is Hitchens referring to? Medieval Europe with its ghastly record of torment and murder when, after continuing oppression, thousands of Jews trekked across Europe desperate to find peace of mind and body in the land they had always looked to and prayed for, for thousands of years? Is it the Expulsion from Spain in 1492 that led to mass migration of Jews to the Land of Israel? Then in fact the Ottoman Sultan welcomed Jews and encouraged them to settle in Safed and the North of Israel, where there was industry and agriculture to support them. Perhaps he meant the depredations of the Cossacks in 1648, when another wave of European Jews made their way to their Holy Land? He could have referred to the migrations of the nineteenth century in response to Russian anti-Semitism. Does Hitchens share with Obama the myth that Israel was simply the creation of the Holocaust? Does he believe the Jews referred to in the New Testament were really Arab Palestinians? Was there no history in between 70 and 1948?
People seem to ask the question, are you a designer or a craftsperson? This isn’t a fair question to ask as it forces you into a choice of one or the other. It is not a question that many people find easy to answer for that reason.
shadows vibrate
Don’t tell me I’m the one if you mean ‘the one right now’
A vast catch.
Last time for the Ooh La La Pin-Up Sew-Along we had just finished our bra back closure and basted the top together in anticipation of binding the raw edges.
You saved all my family !
Bit of a catch 22, I think.
But I am committed to posting on a semi-regular basis.
Half time ended with the parent’s still trying to shake their fear.
Your Actual Problem #2
I really loved how he interacted and mingled with everyone. He talked to my grandpa for two hours about history and life in general. Two things that both my grandfather and Kyle love. It was really nice.
The best defense is a good offense!
The first part of May – warmer weather – yeah! Teddy is very happy that spring is back and bringing even warmer than normal temperatures – hopefully! March was a gift but April was a bit disappointing weather wise Teddy thought. : ( The phone is ringing at TLC Construction as home owners decide it is time to remodel, update or more! They have been spring cleaning and moving things around in their home. Now they don’t have enough space! One problem some customers in Northern Illinois have is room to do everything in their home that they need to do. Our weather is not always conducive to being outside; families grow and change; and many of us have lots of technology and hobbies to find places to house. Teddy and TLC help customers find answers to these and many more questions.
Also called single knotted line stitch, scroll stitch makes an attractive border. And marking a line on your fabric will help to keep your line straight when you work this stitch.
The artist has been making waves ever since he released his first single “Back When” featured one of the best rappers in Nigeria “Naeto C” before he recently featured in Sauce Kid’s Single titled Carolina which gives him the opportunity to diverts Sauce Kid’s fans to love him..
1And there appeared a great wonder in heaven; a woman clothed with the sun, and the moon under her feet, and upon her head a crown of twelve stars:
Meatballs and tomato slices (Trader Joe's has all-natural meatballs)
So, I can’t help but ask: how many climaxes? Is there a certain formula that works for most stories. Or does each story need to be taken on a case-by-case basis? I know certain things don’t work. I don’t like books that don’t have a true climax or only have one real climax. Is there a limit to how many? If so, what is the range? I’m going to be thinking about this one in the months ahead as I continue to read random books. Anyone have any ideas?
So that was the end of my career in ballet. Perhaps you had some similar experience. I tried to give ballet another shot more recently, but I think I'm just too far gone for it now. I've decided that if I'm going to hurt myself doing some sort of exercise in the future (when I have discretionary income again), then it's going to be fencing because I already have the gear, and if/when I am covered in bruises, I can say I got all of those little dark spots in a sword fight.
The MOMENTOUS NEWS is that Barack Obama has declared himself in favour of gay marriage.
The medical area waiting room is in the middle of about 8 doors which open and close in a flurry of doctors coming out, x rays being stacked, people shuffled in and out of one room after the other. In the next hour I would see five people in white labcoats. In one door, check eyes, passed to different labcoat guy, check weight and height. As he writes the numbers on my chart, I suddenly say in English loud and clear, "Wow, must be those delicious French donuts!" I realize my crisis of nerve is really kicking hard now. He doesn't even look at me as I internally chastise myself for making some sort of Turrets inspired wisecrack about French donuts. WTF IS A FRENCH DONUT?...YOU FOOL...YOU IDIOT..WHY WOULD YOU SAAAAY THAT? TO WHO? IT WASN'T EVEN FUNNY ANYWAY....WHY WOULD THAT BE FUNNY?
Tröckener Kecks Met hart en ziel NL
It was such a great experience for me to do this. I now feel really confident, and ready for the next step. Which, is moving from my North Capital Hill/Eastlake apartment (which also doubles as a sauna May-September) into Brad's condo in Juanita. Though not necessarily ideally sized for two people to be living in, the current housing market really wants to give our relationship a good test & see how we do in 850 square feet together ;) Done: two tv's! Kidding, kind of. But honestly I am really excited, mostly of course just to live with him, and, after almost 4 years of packing a bag to go back & forth while living 30 minutes away from eachother, I can finally STOP carrying a bag every single day!!! Yippee!
* Inaction against crime
Why do I even get stressed about these things?
It is a corny ABC Family tv show about these high school aged gymnasts trying to qualify for Nationals. I thought it would be intresting given my childhood involvement in competitive figure skating.
A friend of mine put me onto Honeychild nappies a while ago and I just love them- wish I had used them with my first baby but didn't really think about it then to be honest. I have got 6 so I use one at night for my toddler and the others in the day for my baby. I still use disposables for her afternoon sleep and night sleep. I've also started using little baby flannels and a homemade baby wipes recipe - even though my hubbie still prefers the disposable wipes we buy them rarely now as opposed to buying them weekly!
As my wife will tell you, beekeeping isn’t just a hobby, its a full time job. But its a job I love. I hope you’ll enjoy this record of my thoughts and experiences.
Here are a few of the photos that I've been lovin' today.
“Mr Williams’s phones also had bondage websites in their browser history, while a smart phone found on a table contained no data because its factory settings had been restored.”
Power Stars to Bowser
While it's not a secret, very few people know that for over two decades I suffered from clinical depression.
All for nothing really.
And another cheery symptom---throwing up. My mom threw up so many times I was worried that she would get dehydrated. My sis also threw up, and as for myself, I coughed so hard I about did. But I made myself hold it in.
~For some not-so-yummy treats from the Jello Generation, you have got to pick up The Gallery of Regrettable Food. You will laugh until your stomach hurts. But then you can eat some jello to make it feel better.
Now, I realize this doesn’t mean that 10,000 different people have viewed my blog or that one person has viewed it 10,000 times. I think the truth lies somewhere between the two. And yes, there are more than a couple of spam hits in that number, but extrapolating from spam comments I’m guessing the number is not significant since significant extrapolation would mean I would have to perform real mathematical computations and that sounds like more work than necessary to arrive at what I’m sure is an insignificant number. Of course significant as well as insignificant, like most everything else, is relative, and I believe they are related to each other seeing how they have so many letters in common.
The thing is, Michelle Obama would never say, “Let them eat cake” and is frankly offended that cake is being wasted on the proletariat who clearly don’t deserve cake until November when it’s time to vote again.
Maybe I'll even get some back.
So from the field of Interior Designing and Furniture making for the cream of the Industrial Houses in the Country for over twenty five years; there happened a 180 degree turn, a somersault, from the outer interior to the Inner Interior in the very body of our cells to find the secret for an Everlasting Life of LOVE PEACE and JOY that is to say the Ageless Body and the Timeless Matter.
I am speaking from the heart here. I am not being critical or judgmental. I am saying this because I love this person. I want to see them happy, to be able to face a new day with a sense of anticipation instead of an "Ugh. Another day to get thru" attitude. I want to have it settled in my heart that when I'm gone this person is at a place in life where they're happy. That would ease a tremendous amount of my fretfulness.
It’s actually the very opposite of dialogue in fiction, because conflict is what the speechwriter (and speaker) are trying to avoid.
I loved working in his room because the view is stunning without being distracting, but also because it perfectly fitted the scenery of the book I was writing. I can see the tree that Sam hid in that night the man was looking for them in the woods.
Because I’m learning to tame the lions.
It’s typically served locally (as above) with cumin seeds and a glass of gewurztaminer, Alsace’s exotically perfumed off-dry wine which complements it perfectly. (I prefer the drier styles with it to the off-dry and certainly the sweet (Vendange Tardive) versions.)
It is also so versatile! I find that most anything the color charcoal gray is interchangable between night and day. I can shop or go to the library or go out at night in it or go on a cute date, preferably across the table from my super cute boyfriend in a 50's diner sharing a milkshake with 2 straws.
It was exciting to see Roman using his crutches, even though I knew he wasn't really doing much of the work.
Fullers brewery has changed a fair bit since 1891. As we discovered on brew day. Back then they' performed what I'd call an underlet mash. That's where half an hour or so in hot water is added from below, raising the temperature. Usually the internal rakes would be used to mix it through the mash. Fullers current mash tuns have no rakes. There was a fair amount of manual fiddling about - including pushing the sparge arm around with a stick - to replicate the original process.
After making 200 cream puffs for Jun's wedding (post about the dessert bar and beautiful ceremony is in the works), I felt like a cream puff machine. Pastry cream...you don't freak me out anymore! And I have my friend Pastry Chef-in-Training Rosie who is attending Johnson & Wales to thank for that!
Ended the day with some planning of my year. Because with Esteff, since she only has 3 months left she’s stressing a little with everything she wants to do before she leaves. So I was inspired to start early with my list of places to go. First things first. I need to open a savings account. For all my travelling and of course taxes. (Everyone that doesn’t know I came on the worst time of the year for tax reasons. I’ll pay the most, since I worked the whole year basically!)
They didn't know that I felt God that September night. Felt a presence that is indescribable. One that I will never forget. I grew up that day. I had a purpose. I was a mother. But that first night being a mother, I looked at my first born one last time, kissed his forehead and whispered to him how much I was going to miss him. And God knows I miss him still.
I wait for a moment, hoping she'll feel what I just witnessed. When she doesn't, I utter the impossible: "Why not start there?" The pain in her eyes make me long to pull back my words. I've just asked her to cut 100 pages from a story that is overly long. Still, 100 pages...
Peter Paul Apollo, 26, Hoboken, N.J.
Sjora Crew:
The boilerplate arguments found in this book are derived from case law. In most Response section/subsection you get a choice of boilerplate based on different cases. The boilerplate argument text is styled "Rejection Response." For many of these cases, you'll also find a "Quotable Language" section. Finally, each case includes a "Relevant Facts" discussion and a "Technology Area" category. A practitioner will find these two sections useful in choosing boilerplate which is most relevant to his particular rejection.
See?!
then there’s Hope Solo. I wouldve put her in the ‘Potentials’ category as an athlete, dancing with Maks, pretty face, good body. Here’s the thing, she’s never proved anything and she’s never had a ‘cream of the crop’ week. Last week, Maks stood up for her because i’m sure it is frustrating to have someone with potential, never reach it. This week, in my personal opinion her dancing digressed again. She reads like a book, every mistake she makes her face rats her out right away. She lacks performance, she lacks technique and she is awkward to watch. She didnt get the same whipping post reaction from the judges, which was a bit cowardly… but understandable.
Sierra Nevada Torpedo - Torpedo was probably the first beer that really got me interested in the American IPA style, so when I heard it was coming to cans this year, I was pretty excited. And not just any cans, but 16 ounce cans. While I'm still baffled by the use of the word Extra in this beer's name (so, it's Extra India?), it's one of my favorite offerings from Sierra Nevada. A little bit sweet with big flavor and a nice hop punch, this also comes in at 7.2% ABV, so a 4-pack of these will do you quite well before a game.
Manchester United have a very handy habit of finding good form when it comes towards the end of campaigns.
Significance: It feels good to know that we are needed and wanted. Our life needs to have importance and meaning.
#54- Kitchen Woodbox
I started with her poached eggs, which taste the same as the usual poached eggs. But it took so long to read the instructions before and during the process that my I started to believe these would be The Poached Eggs to End All Poached Eggs.
I'll start by saying we were originally scheduled to close on June 2nd. Due to some "soil testing" the start was delayed and they pushed it to June 8th. (June 8th was the day our 90 day lock expired... which I committed to because even with the delay they were preaching about how they "never miss a close date". They encouraged me to lock whenever I was ready). They didn't want to pay for the lock extension that they were obligated to pay, since my *awesome* realtor had already received that writing. Once they admitted that it probably wouldn't be June 8th, I INSISTED that we close by June 15th because we had to be out of our apartment by June 18th and I had already given our notice.
We will be discussing among other things:
I can almost hear the shrieks of mortal despair...
Overall Rating: 2.5/5
Now, 75 years later in an abundant society where people have laptops, cell phones, iPods, and minds like empty rooms, I still plod along with books. Instant information is not for me. I prefer to search library stacks because when I work to learn something, I remember it.
Fall colour blocking is something I think that marketing people made up. Seriously, it's just wearing fall colours and not prints. All fall colours go together, so group all the wines, oranges and browns together (toss some yellow in there too, and some dark purple if the mood takes you, and don't forget to add some olive). Whatever floats your boat.
UPDATE: I googled around a bit and it seems to be a compatibility issue between Internet Explorer and Blogger. You can leave comments if you select the Name/URL option:
Our friend in Tehran has organised for a tow truck (yes, they have them in the capital) to rendezvous with us. The campervan is lifted off the truck, onto the tow truck, and towed to our friend’s place.
16/08 10:05 W Shot Put Qualification
After a long bout with upper respiratory and a eye infection(requiring pulling the third eye back FOUR times a day for meds, for 3 weeks), Nellie is finally well and with her new mom today. Nellie (now known as, Ava) will return next month to be spayed. We are Happy.
"O.K. then clever clogs", said I. "So why, since living in this house has all the money literally come in through the front door and disappeared out of the back, when before we lived here we were reasonably comfortable, for a little while at least?"
It's been perfect for me to organise and sort through my scrap stash. I don't have a lot of room for it, and to be honest, I'm so sick of how it looks so messy all the time. So sick of how it makes the HOUSE look so messy all the time!!
But the FDA has never approved any non-prescription products for sexually transmitted disease, according to federal officials. Drugs are available for herpes, chlamydia, HIV and other diseases, but only via prescription.
Work was hard. Super stressful. And, not worth the money. I was so tired and frustrated and all I could feel, at the end of the day, was the little fuzzy strands rubbing the back of my collar. My skin was crawling.
I'm having a small cloud obsession lately so knew I'd throw a couple on when I saw Little Reg Wagon's challenge. LOL! My little tiny ladybugs were created with punches. And I am really loving easel cards as well so was happy to see that challenge at My Time to Craft!
The Plejarans and Andreomeda Council are “this close” to saying fuck it, let them have their armageddon if that is what they want. I have made my pleas, as have enlightened beings and leaders, for understanding of the human folly lacking ascended consciousness and aware compassion.
Any fan should be ecstatic that Frances McDormand ,would even do the movie let alone give us a great performance . It did not stop at the idiot , it continued with more fans on the TFwiki Facebook page .Calling both Frances McDormand and Julie White ,old ladies .Really REALLY ,oh I see you don’t want a young whore ,but you also don’t like your women over thirty .
1. Moon of Manakoora
The boy looked intently into his grandfather’s eyes and asked, “Which wolf will win?” The old Cherokee simply replied….
Screw them. We're closed. Go back to that shithole continent you call home and that we call Africa. Stay there. Deal with the Somalians. Straighten your own messes out.
Thanks George, we'll need it. And your last film seems to prefigure your sad end in its every move. The movie in the end is all about suicide being painless, and considerable film is unspooled happily detailing the methods of each member: One jumps out of a high rise window; another fails to link up his parachute, the annoying red-haired stepkid jumps off a bridge into oncoming highway traffic; Abby uses pills, and has the most psychedelic and scary of interludes after she's overdosed and suddenly can't tell if she's dead, dreaming, or has come back from the dead, is awake or asleep. Is she about to die in the land of the dead (as George raises a sacrificial knife over her heart) and thus be returned to the living? Or was it all a scam cooperated by the devil to steal her soul? Is she going to be buried alive with only a smiling George Sanders to know the undead Abby is not the real undead one? Dude, that is so Salvia!
to the slim trees grown tall,
Crumbles are one of my favorite things to eat. (But for the record, what is the difference is between a “crumble” and a “crisp”?). This French version had the added bonus of a thick eggy custard in addition to the delicious pear morsels, the sweet crumbles and the light vanilla bean ice cream.
The arrival of Boy Pulot brought new life to the franchise, as he propelled the team to its first victory against sister team Barako Bull Energy. Omolon seemed to fit in Pumarenz’ system and compliment the behemoth that is Marcus Douhtit, picking up misses and cutting in every screen set by the Gilas giant.
A special thanks to all my overseas readers and contributors who have helped out during the year to find answers and opinions for me and the other blokes when I have requested it. I am hoping to ‘profile’ a few OS beer blogs in the New Year so that we can generate a few extra hits ad keep spreading the good beer word.
This past week has been quite an emotional time for the five of us in our immediate family. One of us had/has major health problems, both physical and mental, and as a family we were/are all hurting. But, after many tears, hugs, car dashes to other parts of the country, trips to the doc, and more tears and hugs, solutions have been found. Wheels have been put in place, and things are looking better!
1 scant cup sugar
Tom: “All right, calm down.”
When Jill was battling cancer, I prayed every day for a miracle to spare her life. I prayed alongside literally hundreds of friends and people who knew and loved Jill. I couldn't understand how my loving and compassionate God could allow such a horrifying thing to happen to such a beautiful person. I couldn't understand how the God I knew could sit there and watch her suffer and die in such an abhorrently terrible way and not do anything about it. And I couldn't understand how the God I knew could ignore all the prayers of all the people who loved her and prayed for her.
Or a mathematical genius and borderline autistic girl who can see all the angles and save that extra special Luke Skywalker figurine from the forces of chaos and darkness all by herself, thanks very much!
OFF!- Live at Generation Records Single
A fat quarter bundle of Stockholm in the pink and red colorway is our giveaway this week.
Proto-something or other and the baddest dude on the Sunset Strip.
3 tbsp maple syrup
De Soto learned that his army was less than a week's travel from the coast, where his supply ships lay at anchor. However, fearing mass desertion and unwilling to abandon his enterprise, the Governor suppressed the news and instead led his battered, ill-equipped company northward into Mississippi, where they endured another cruel winter.
McKnight has been fighting off a brewing backlash since he unveiled the preview, but there are others who’ve enjoyed what they’ve heard thus far.
Before you stumble down to one of the many clubs, such as Pacha, which we CONQUERED last time out, May 24th-28th are the dates…I’ll have shots waitin for you when you get there!!
All I kill anymore are these pains
I often like to think that this is our “Lost Weekend” phase and in a year or two we will hook up and pick up right where we left off. This might not be the best way of looking at it but it seems to stop the pain that I feel when I miss being with her.
When I write SF, I am fully aware of the history of my people and our history of colonization. I carry this sensibility with me into my work and I see this as continuing on in a conversation with the poets and writers and activists who struggle against the impositions of colonization. At the same time, I hope to contribute to the ongoing conversation which leads to understanding between cultures.
Abba Father ‘Joshua’s words to the Israelites prompt me to search my heart. You have done so much for me. You have rescued me, redeemed me, and brought me into Your kingdom. Rekindle my desire to serve You today, and let my example inspire others to serve You as well.’ In the name of Christ Jesus who lives within me through the Holy Spirit I pray that You create in me a clean heart, and renew a right spirit within me, for my one walk in and with Jesus today. Make me a channel of Your peace, standing having girded my waist with truth, and having put on the breastplate of righteousness, and having shod my feet with the preparation of the gospel of peace; above all, taking the shield of faith with which I will be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked one. Always asking that You bless me and mine in fulfillment of Your will and keep us from evil and pain; reminding us that if we get nothing else done this day, let us spend it loving You and others first, as You love us. In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit, Amen.
The Bar has major advantages in terms of quality and cost. Barristers have a great opportunity because they are both specialised in advocacy and advice, and often in particular areas of law. At the same time, because of chambers’ significantly lower overheads, barristers’ services are considerably cheaper than those of solicitors. ‘There is also an excellent opportunity for clients and consumers to benefit from the expert services of the Bar in different ways and at less cost. This will provide an important response to the recent review of costs in civil justice, by Lord Justice Jackson, which warned of the need to reduce the cost of going to court.’
Nice, and I'll take it certainly, but sort of WTF? :o)
Using the web site you can select views at points along the trail to see photos of the trailhead, waterfall views, and various points of interest along the way. A wonderful planning tool for local hikers and visitors to Hamilton.
possible blog names
Ignoring now
I could hear the harp ringing in sympathy
Clydesdale Bank SPL, Sunday 2 October 2011
I liked the deal for the dinner set and went with: Yamadaya Ramen (everything in it) + Fried Rice + Fried Chicken (4 pcs) for $9.95 + $4.80 = $14.75. (Students can also get an extra noodle or steamed rice for free - how's that for hospitality at Yamadaya?) My Fried Rice ($6.80 on regular menu, size difference unknown) came first: it was a deliciously fragrant and generous bowl - I almost couldn't stop eating, but I knew that I still had two more dishes to come and fried rice is easier to take home than ramen. I got a to-go box for this and had a nice and filling lunch the next day.
5) The Al Hartley years.
grunting - a perjorative term used by people wanting to 'put down' (usually) teenage boys and the way they thought to speak ie 'teenspeak'
But there must be family in Scotland and I will try to find them before I go.
We're safe inside our little world, but I still long to hear
I have been really struggling with “road rage” since moving to “America”… OMG, people are STUPID! Where did they learn to drive (as if you could call it that)?
I used the Everyday Faces peachy keen stamp for his face - I use these stamps all the time. They are my go-to stamps!
About five minutes later, I saw a restaurant over on the side of the road, a neon highlighted sign spread across its roof. The sign read,
Before I move on to my next simple observations, I have a few things I’ve been wondering about. Doesn’t Aunt Myra’s little Schnauzer, Rusty ever get tired of humping people’s legs? I usually kick him off at least twenty times, but he keeps coming back for more. Do any of you ever have one of those pig roasts? Why does it always take sixty hours to cook that darn pig? Can’t we just throw it in a big microwave? Is it just me, or do you also lose your appetite when you see that hideous, dried up, pig head with the apple in its mouth? Do any of you have relatives who show up at family picnics with massive boxes of fireworks? Do they all look like Pirates with eye patches, and do they have a combined six fingers?
Soon after, I sat on the couch, sipping the magical masterpiece with my roommate while discussing possible names for my most fantastic creation. His favorite part was the sweetness provided by the corn, whereas I thoroughly enjoyed the colourful combination.
However, this is the life, I’m estimating, of about 95% of women in the Western world. And most have full-time jobs on top of it. Even many of those that have the means to have a staffed house feel that if they are not the one who is changing the diaper or serving the meal, they are lacking in wife and mother credits.
Since moving out here, Indie has backtracked a little on her night sleeping so we are in the process of fixing that as soon as possible. My eyes burn all day long as my night's sleep has likewise backtracked. Aside from that, she's smiling all the time now and loves squealing and kicking her legs to Ellen. She gets the whole kitchen wet when I bathe her because she just loves to kick those legs. She absolutely hates riding in the car, I think because she needs constant entertainment and staring at the back of the car is not that cool. My rotator cuff is frequently sore from reaching back and putting her binky in her mouth. Needless to say, I now hate riding in the car too. Notice a pattern? If Indie doesn't do it or doesn't like it, neither does mom.
36. Understands that separately we are nothing, but together we are everything…unstoppable…and immovable force…team of we
2. If you could only use one monochromatic set of colors of eyeshadow what would it be? I.e. only shades of blue.
My first rock concert was at Hershey Stadium. My friend took me to see the Who (before John Entwhistle died) and there was a little stand selling custom tags. So I bought one to make a memory of my first concert.
XXIII
Pink Ribbon
happiness is invited into their homes.
It is possible to enjoy something and not all of the people who enjoy that same Thing (see Harold and Maude).
Gladstone's triumphant budget of 1853 secured his place among the first rank of British politicians. He carried it through against considerable initial opposition within the cabinet itself, especially from the two rival aspirants to the chancellorship, Wood and Graham. His budget speech's success derived in part from his mastery of budget history, but even more from his determination to reconstruct government finance in a more rational manner. In a step devised to increase prosperity, he reduced customs duties. He made up for the lost revenue by extending income tax for seven years and also applying to somewhat lower incomes and to Ireland. Since the income tax was unpopular, and Gladstone himself was on record opposing it, the trick was to make this extension palatable. He accomplished this by extending the tax in a way as to put Britain on a path to doing away with it, by setting it at a gradually declining rate (at the end of which it would be expected that greater prosperity would bring in sufficient revenues without it, though from what sources is not clear to me, anyway).
One of the blessings of getting to work at my church is that I get to work with some of my best friends. So I jumped up from my desk and ran to their offices to tell them this incredible news! I was and am still in such awe of how it seems the Lord is so clearly lighting this pathway for us.
Cute. Cute. Little baby.
Weekly program
Workout: Did lot of cleaning.
So with heavy heart I sit here before getting ready to work, tired and frustrated. It’s not a bad day and I don’t feel bad, it’s frustrating not sleeping and knowing full well why you can’t sleep but unable to solve it. So, here’s to a great day. I have a therapy appointment on Thursday so I’ll get head shrinked and zapped back into shape and maybe only kill off one more person tonight (in my dream).
It’s not uncommon for homeowners to believe there’s a ghost in the house rattling around at all hours of the night. Hissing, cracking, hammering and clanging have all been used to describe the noises problem plumbing tends to make. And, while those noises are most likely not Casper; one of the real life Ghost Hunters from the Sci Fi Channel may actually be the right guy for the job.
In other words, we might trace what NYTimes-style discourse characterizes in terms of split between a serious (artistic, adult) and a frivolous (mass, juvenile) approach to cultural production. In the former category, keep an eye out for how often critics feel obliged to justify the play & whimsy that can sometimes creep into these works. 'Such-and-such isn't a genre film, but rather a meditation on genre.' 'The author simply uses genre tropes.' Characterizations like these may often be true. But it is the fact of the separation that intrigues me. Defenders make great claims about the likes of Harry Potter or Lost, sometimes quite extravagant claims - but rare is the recourse to realist or modernist justification. Nobody (or almost nobody) says that the oeuvres of Rowling, J.J. Abrams, the entire Batman franchise, or Joss Whedon are really something other than genre. Instead, the achievements of mass culture are surplus to genre, or built off it. In a sense, then, what serious culture performs, when it uses genre, is in fact a representation of it - a mimesis of or toward metaphor, if you will.
2-Sentiment Stamps (They Coordinate with the New Vintage Winter Paper Pad)
It is illogical for Bloom to categorically dismiss the idea of “interpretation,” to argue that every interpretive activity is unavoidably and necessarily a misinterpretation. However, if we ignore this idiosyncratic and grandiloquent use of terminology, Bloom essentially suggests that every poem is both dependent upon yet different/more than those poems that precede and influence it. Old Testament theology is a variation of the activity of inner-biblical interpretation, just as “all criticism is prose poetry.” The way in which the Chronicler responds to certain concerns unique to their situation is both dependent upon yet different/more than the concerns that occupied those who wrote the books of Kings.
The aim would be to establish a nature preserve open to hikers, nature lovers and educational groups.
In January, Ennahda organised the visit of Gaza-based Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh. When he arrived at Tunis-Carthage airport, a group of salafists within the crowd shouted: "Kill the Jews! It's our religious duty!" as an official party waited to greet him. A statement issued later said: "Ennahda condemns these slogans, which contradict the spirit of Islam, and considers that they were uttered by a fringe group aiming to undermine Ennahda's activities and tarnish its image."
1 floating
Ellen Moffat, University of Saskatchewan. Unmediating the City: The Soundwalk as Embodied Probe
Tales of Graces takes place on a world called Ephinea. Ephinea is ruled over by three kingdoms; the desert kingdom Strahta, the poor winter kingdom Fendel, and the windy kingdom Windor. The people of Ephinea rely on Cryas which is comprised of a substance called Eleth. Each kingdom has it's own Valkines Cryas, which shapes the land and helps each kingdom flourish. For example, Strahta's Valkines, Duplemar, is a water Cryas. It has absorbed all the water Eleth causing the kingdom to become a desert. However it then supplies an unending amount of water Eleth which can be extracted and used. The game takes place when some of the main characters are 11 years old and seven years after the events when they are kids.
Crush the Oreos in a food processor reserving a few of the crumbs to garnish
Enter on Facebook
So tonight I'm planning to do the #Tworkout and then some other kind of Wii Game. I haven't quiet decided what but I know I want to do AT LEAST 30 minutes of exercise tonight so I can fill in Day 6 of my tree!
None of this is game breaking, just mosquito buzzing around your ear in the summer heat annoying. A final bit of advice before you go renting your own server, go have a gander at the empty ones first before wasting your own money. Maybe even get to know the guys who own those servers and become friends. Maybe they’ll make you admins.
He reported that all the poor innocent victims were stripped naked. His shock and horror to see this cannot be expressed in any known language.
When I was a child caravanning holidays were very much the done thing. I can’t even begin to recall the amount of time I must have spent as youngster in what we laughingly refer to as the height of British summer listening to the rain hammer against the tin lid of some ghastly, probably infested rented tin can on wheels whilst being forced to play family card games until the weather lets up enough that we can go back outside and visit some crumbling castle or a craft fair. British caravanning is monumentally dull. The only notable thing that ever happened to me whilst staying in a caravan was I fell off a small craggy outcrop whilst chasing a goat. I was warned repeatedly, this was entirely my own fault. But the point remains; again, neither sexy or cool.
I was a brat, I admit it, but I like to think that I've more than made up for it over the years. Now on Valentine's Day, I bake up a favorite chocolate dessert or a steak and potatoes dinner for the man I love. We are both happy to stay in and eat dinner in our lounge clothes in front of the television watching our usual DVR'd sitcoms. This year will be no different, though we have a new little Valentine to spend the evening with- he will be having milk.
1/4 lb lean smoked bacon or prosciutto, finely diced
"So, I sat down and read the story, to get a feel for the tone, mood, etc of the novel. I was instantly transported into the world that Lauren Baratz-Logsted created! I wanted to capture the feeling of being from the outside looking in on this classic story of LITTLE WOMEN. At first, most of my cover comps were similar to what had already been tried: they featured images of girls reading, etc. Then I thought it'd be interesting to see the main character sort of 'spying' on the characters in LITTLE WOMEN. I had a few options where a girl pulled back a curtain on a scene of LITTLE WOMEN, but they didn't have the impact I was hoping for. After looking and looking for more 'spying' images, I ended up finding the image on the final cover, the girl popping through a piece of paper. That's where everything started coming together, with the original LITTLE WOMEN artwork and the modern girl coming through the page...."
I'll be back tomorrow.
By Gabriel Beltrone
Most of these new bars are targeted at the younger end of the market and have little to offer the more mature pubgoer. They don’t have the across-the-board appeal of proper pubs. And, although there are some honourable exceptions, most offer nothing of interest on the beer front. What is more, how can a small, boxy converted shop be regarded as any kind of acceptable substitute for an impressive Victorian or inter-wars building that was full of character and had served its community over several generations through a succession of licensees? Most will be fly-by-night operations with a limited lifespan and no continuity.
After thirteen months of rehab It looks like Liu Xiang could be fully recovered from his Achilles injury. If he is indeed 100% and back to normal, the 110 hurdles could give the sport another super rivalry to showcase.
Emily's search to find Hope uncovered the dark underworld of stolen dogs. They auction dogs like cattle. Emily had known about puppy mills, where dogs were kept in criminally abhorrent conditions and literally bred to death, but only as a distant, shameful concept.
“It is my personal belief that honesty is the best policy. If you are aiming to educate someone you should give them the facts as they stand, and help them to form their own opinion,” Ferguson said.
We are one!
There may well be, as this channel has experienced, a very deep sense of unknown sadness. And it is a sadness of what has occurred upon this planet, what has occurred in lifetime after lifetime with the devolution of the Plan. But that is all right, my beloved friends; let it go, because this will also be continued on by a sense of release. Many of you will want to rest, back to the time of being a child who needs a nap, or a child who needs a nap after they have had a good cry.
I bloody love this song. The original is one of the most underrated songs of the 80s, and has, in my opinion, the best lyrics ever written. In spite of all that, I love the Sneaker Pimps version just as much. Atmospheric and layered, it suits Chris Corner perfectly and is a genuinely fantastic song.
2) ‘Merica – hell yeah!
It was time to go downstairs as he slid the V-Neck back over his head and adjusted the fit on his shoulders to accentuate their maximum width. Mike loved V-Necks because a shirt collar touching his carotid artery and Adam’s apple felt like breathing into a plastic sandwich bag. While his constant need to tug and pull at the fabric around his neck usually ruined shirts in about 3 wears.
But to me? Unschooling isn't about parental rights. It's about children's rights. A childs right to choose their own path in life, with the support and assistance of parental or other care-giving figures in their life.
You played in punk bands throughout your adolescence and are known for doing things your own way. Is that a by-product of the punk ethos?
Force
Ask God to show you possible open doors of service. You might be surprised at what you see. —Dennis Fisher
Friend: 2. Why wasn’t I invited!?
34-band's intro and announcements 2.51
E: my heart
E. the cession by Mexico of an enormous amoount of land to the US. 416
Probably — but she could get arthritis or muscle pain as a result of multiple surgeries as well. — so po-tay-to, po-tah-toe.
Great Divide Espresso Oak Aged Yeti Imperial Stout 9.5%
We can know from the foregoing that within two years of now, the present overhang of viable new dwelling units will be exhausted and unless housing construction activity is revived in time, shortages will once more present with resulting upward pressure on prices.
Uttar Pradesh (East).
Among the Foodie Crowd, Nancy Silverton is well-known as the founder of LaBrea Bakery, which I will say revolutionized gourmet breads in Southern California. She is a particular champion of Sourdough Bread, which the French call “bread, the old way,” versus the more modern yeast.
Room to change his mind
The Amazon subsidiary CreateSpace produced 21,819 books in 2009, while Lulu.com released 10,386. Xlibris and AuthorHouse, two imprints of AuthorSolutions, produced 10,161 and 9,445, title respectively.Bowker's press release rounds out its top ten POD book producers with few more numbers: General Books LLC, 11,887; International Business Publications USA, 8,271; PublishAmerica, 5,698 (I hate to admit that PA is tops in anything, but there it is).
As the American Declaration of Independence clearly states, when in the course of human events it becomes necessary for people to band together and collectively declare their rights and responsibilities to which the laws of nature and nature’s God entitle and bind them, a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they should disclose the causes which impel them to such.
Caught in your smile, and I gather
I land in Delhi around three-ish, India time, with an expected 7pm flight to Kolkata. Of course the Kolkata flight is late, by 2 hours. And I should have known that was the norm, not the exception.
for this week's theme of snow
3 contact
The doctor then walked into the room and said, “Why don’t you tell us? What have you ingested tonight?”
The Baba Yaga took a drink of cider, her brow furrowed. "We'll get her after you eat, how about that? Daniel, would you like to speak with her alone before she meets with the girls?" Her tone seemed laced with meaning, and Sam's father nodded, seemingly catching the unspoken message.
12) Keyword Rankings - These rankings tell you for which keywords you rank very well, poorly, or somewhere in between. You can also watch how your rankings change for these keywords over time to ensure you don’t slip on important keywords. But be careful not to get caught in the weeds — measure the traffic and leads generated by those ranking keywords, too!
The light bounces off the input and is seen by one of the three pieces, this piece then belongs to a three part method.
I hulled 2 pints of strawberries and put them into my food processor.
Simple Math
Three to Get Deadly was an easy read. It didn't require a lot of my time, attention, or brain power (which is a good thing, because I seem to be running low on all three). I enjoyed the story, but more because it was easy-on-the-brain than because it was any good. Chances are, if you've made it this far in the series, you aren't a particularly sensitive reader. This novel has just as much profanity and sexually suggestive (or blatant) dialogue as its predecessors. Once again, Stephanie ends up in hot, steamy water with Morelli and while I am rooting for them, as a couple, I don't necessarily feel like I need to read everything about it. Maybe just a little. Like some really nice kissing.
But the difference between the two remains. In social terms, this can be seen in their opposed interests: the interests of priests are generally conservative, while the interests of the oppressed are, almost by definition, revolutionary. And in psychological terms, though, we can see that the same trade-off, the same ascetic suffering-for-sense-of-power is at work, but from different directions: for the priesthood, it is a matter of seeking power and opting, as a method of so seeking, for the infliction of suffering and numbness on oneself, while for his ‘herd’, it is a matter of trying to barter some crumbs of sense-of-power for the suffering which is already imposed on them.
It is one year on from the devastating earthquake in Haiti. The media circus has moved onto other things, but we will not forget.
So what do you guys think!? Impressive right? Who else is using a shoe organizer for something other than shoes? What other things are you all drumming up, in which you changed the original purpose of an item to create incredible storage?
Sunday I lingered in His Presence. That means I read the Word, prayed, praised worshiped, knelt at the altar, and confessed my own sins.
FYI: So many of you have liked this idea but say you're wearing short or sleeveless tops: Cut off a set of long sleeves from an old cotton knit shirt! Something with a little lycra or rib cuff works best. Slip it on your 'stash' arm, and get to work!!
Everything so crisp in the crisper, so beautifully faced and edged on those sparkling shelves.
Yes. Fin.
You blog regularly (2-3 times a week)
Or her desire for June and evening, tipped
Two ballot questions
That being said I did enjoy the concept. A very powerful Witch solves a crime and falls in love with a Vampire. The sex scenes bordered on erotic and while they were satisfying *pun intended, lol* a little more heart from the characters would have driven home their point *pun not intended, if you see the pun that is…* I think a good sex scene needs not just physical tension but emotional tension as well. Nelson’s characters were a little rough to fulfill the latter element.
I did run in a 2 mile race on Saturday morning benefitting the local Catholic school----small race of about 90 people. I came in 11th and was the second female to finish so I was very pleased---18:56. thankfully it was at 7 AM so it wasn't too hot, but I was still sweating---very humid!
Estonian Shawl
I masked off the horizon and sponged in my background with Memento's. Stamped the trees in and colored them with Copic's. I extended the shore by stamping the shoreline and stamping half of the image again to the shoreline.
And the story lines... the places this series goes. Michael dates a blind attorney and every. single. joke a person would think yet never say about a blind person? It goes there. There are no sacred cows, "oh no we cannot" in Arrested Development. People behave badly over and over. Add to it some off the wall plot lines that tie it all in together -- because OF COURSE the blind attorney that Michael is dating? Turns out to be prosecuting Michael's father! Except Michael lied about his name at the bar where he picked up the woman during an intended one-night stand. And Michael doesn't realize until the next day that the woman is blind and suddenly finds himself in a relationship (under an assumed name and made up career) because you cannot dump a blind woman! And his family finds out and realizes this is the perfect chance to sneak into her house and read the files she has on the Bluth family! And decide to do it while she's at home because, you know... blind. And all that is in one episode, with other things going on, and its amazing and beautiful and hurts from laughing so much.
She was tired and hungry, her emotions a lot more tender and erratic than normal. Falling to her knees when she could no longer run, Addison laid down in the wet grass, the prickly blades stinging her warm cheeks. Her heart pounded in her chest, Addison feeling every beat as it pulsed through her body.
We will wear hats and mittens today
Tuesday, September 4th--I went to my regular doctor for a blood test.
We see simplicity in this verse by Buson:
I like the idea of a female player, one that is not stalked by every man in the game, but a ruthless one, one with character, enough to remain a lady in the real world and a killer known for cruelty in the virtual. I also like that the author takes a (the) basic idea of feminism and conceals it between lines so it has a purpose besides entertainment.
These both went into the food processor with garlic, Parmesan cheese, S&P, and probably 1/4-1/3 cup of extra-virgin olive oil.
four roses bourbon, fee brothers cherry bitters, cara cara peel
Ok fall...I'm waiting!
Then the passage of time rubs off the rough edges. By the third and fourth generation, no one remembers. No one is taught.
* Spirituality in Medicine and/or Nursing
We have this almost endless relentless asskissing and support for even religious value's of some religion's that is just supporting irrational behaviour and degrading to people as well based on gender, sex, culture, other religious affiliation's, etc ... basically nowhere bitching and endless conflict's. This is importante now, because over the last few year's I have seen way too much of this being incorporated into our govenment and politic's ... and THAT is NOT American Value's at all. These people are NOT trying to tell ANYONE what they should believe ... they are just a lil sick and tired of being put down because they dont follow someone else's code who is larger, more powerful and has more money than they need to waste on their agenda's and force feeding American's their value's of what ever cult they may belong to. Enough from me on this ... Mr. Silverman point's out enough.
pinch, cane sugar
Thanks for stopping in and enjoy the rest of your week!
* Provides biological samples and compounds for Biochem. You can also get the buyable crafting materials such as hypo-syringes more cheaply from missions.
International Three-Point Carnival = Drew's international team, composed of Aussies, Finns, Senegalese, and Texans, which loves to shoot as many threes as possible, regardless of shot clock, shooting percentage or defensive match up. See also, Josh Lomers All-Stars.
If you were reading our blog about 2 years ago when we first got to Indonesia, I did a short series of posts that I called RIOs – Random Indonesian Objects. Now that we’ve been here a while longer it seems like there’s many more items I could add to the list, so we’ll start with this one:
It’s amazing what a difference three little letters makes, sometimes.
It's delicious to lie down and cover your eyelids with cotton pads soaked in chilled eau de bleuet. Twenty minutes later, you're ready to face the world again.
Don’t think it’s easy. Be determined. Don’t give up.
1 Bayleaf / Tejpatta (Optional)
I laid them out over the living room floor hoping that inspiration would hit while my furry assistant assessed the collection.
i think you feel it to,
HENRY JAGLOM: Orson sat me down at lunch one day. I was upset cause I was running out of time and money on a film. He looked at me and said, 'The enemy of art is the absence of limitations.' Which means, if you have all the time and money in the world, you're gonna create something that's limited. But if you're forced to create while looking for solutions you'll break through those limitations. And from that day on, that ideal has been my mantra.
Tree ring patterns from western redcedar growing along coastal Washington clearly showed that an earthquake occurred in January 1770. It measured between 9 and 9.3 on the Richter scale. When compared to Japanese tsunami records it was discerned to have taken place on January 26, 1770; and its exact time was pinpointed 10 hours before the unrelenting wave train pummeled the Japanese coastline.
“You know this year marks their fiftieth wedding anniversary. I should be planning a party for them; a celebration to recognize the fact that they were able to put up with one another for fifty years. But I don’t get to plan a party; they don’t get to celebrate, because they’re dead. They’ve already rotted away to dust in their grown-over graves. And you know what the best part is? I didn’t do anything to keep him from slowly taking their lives, all done with a smirk on his face.”
Lenna also included her signature square.
For the next six months I learned all the secret ways into buildings and saw the City I love from a different perspective. I was an urban tourist exploring biker bars, union rallies, and living among the immortal class. It made me appreciate San Francisco all the more.
The prize? Ten printed MS Turtle notecards with envelopes. Sometimes you need to drop a note instead of shooting an email. Now that Nicole is gone it is her letters and cards I turn to. Her emails are gone.
I wanted to ask mom what did it mean to be Korean. For example, did they also pickle six large stone jars of cabbages with oceans of garlic, ginger and spicy pepper flakes? Did they eat nothing else with their rice all winter unless their relatives from the north brought fluffy white potatoes that melted in your mouth?
And because I love you.
Alright folks ... we had a great turnout in October and we are only looking for you lazy bums to haul your butts out to skate about once every four to six weeks so no excuses. And to those of you who missed the skate last time, you missed a lot of fun - the weather was crisp and the companionship was great. Kevin Ryan (ex-FDNY) and Ronnie Lopez (ex-Sawchuk winner) in goal - how could we go wrong? Lopez even pulled out one of his patented laying-on-his-back-and-leg-in-the-air saves. Ho cool is that?
Friday we are leaving for Ottawa to see Mr. D's best friend
But, we are expected to believe that the third time must be a charm? This winter, Mathematica was contracted by HHS to review evaluations for their rigor, and this time they recommended Heritage Keepers for inclusion on the list of HHS-approved programs. To date, there is still no published peer-reviewed manuscript to help assess what, if anything, changed for the program to make the list. Was a new study conducted? Did the authors submit new data or simply rework the old?
"Either you are the monster or you are his pet. I refuse to be anyone's pet. We can live forever and crush those flesh people into pulp. Why take heed of their orders?"
9. Do Something. Now. You can put this work off, but delay will inevitably bite you and the survivability of your data. This isn’t a question or supposition but rather is a statement of fact. The preparation will take a few hours work and ongoing tweaks and updates, but the investment in time and effort will pay remarkable dividends. Don’t let your extremely valuable genealogical work be lost.
No, you’re not. You’re not doing your best. You have no real standards for yourself, you’ve lost your sense of right and wrong; but you’ve also lost your enthusiasm and passion (and so you’ve just been going through the motions), and so you are rightfully desperate to feel alive. But you don’t seem to care if you have to do wrong (or something you ought to feel guilty about) in order to feel more alive. But the problem is: the means matter! The journey matters just as much as the destination, if not more so. Because it’s in the means that we either really earn our worth (by really earning what we want in a legitimate way) or do grave injury to ourselves (by not living up to our values and what’s best in us).
For me, just the idea of such a journey itself is fascinating and while reading the book, I had silently made a promise to myself that someday, I will take up such a journey.
* improving or modifying the invention
Life is sweet, don’t think it isn’t. There may be trials in your world today, but they are temporary. Time—along with trials—will pass. Don’t waste time fretting about what could have been. We should always hook our wagons to the “what-is”, remembering who it is that’s holding all of our tomorrows; because honestly … it isn’t us.
Edited to note - This started out around a 1.020, I think. I should have done a better job of reading that specifically. Here's where we are now. Going to 2nd it because it really needs some clarification if my husband is going to drink it at all. :)
So, let me first talk about what went wrong. Most of my buddies agreed that Gopal should have gone ahead with Aarti, by promising to change himself and the entire education scene. After all, she was the only reason for his existence. But, when I stepped in to a writer’s shoes I realized that it was required, probably the way it was delivered should have been altered. During Gopal’s realization on page 266 and 267, there should have been a more compelling event or a pay-off (which was set-up’d earlier) because this was the most important point in the book.
So. Unless a class pops up out of nowhere, it looks like I'm mostly going to be on my own. The good news, at least, is that I've discovered that there is at least one shop in Troyes that sells materials for bookbinding - paper, cardboard, cloth and leather, etc. - everything except the actual tools (presses, clamps, paper shearer, bookbinding frame, etc.). For now, I'm trying to figure out the exact minimum I can start with and good book for a guide and see where I end up. I've even found plans for building my own bookbinding frame, so that's encouraging.
Me: “Lots of crime?”
The following year, Mr. Bo was honored in London by a group called the British Chinese Youth Federation as one of “Ten Outstanding Young Chinese Persons.” He was also an adviser to Oxford Emerging Markets, a firm set up by Oxford undergraduates to explore “investment and career prospects in emerging markets,” according to its website.
These cookies are so great, I always have success making oaty cookies and these were no exception. They have tons of flavour, lots of crunch from hazelnuts and that amazing peanut butter filling. I used a touch less sugar in both the cookie mixture (2/3 cup) and added icing sugar to taste, I don't like cookies too sweet as I like to taste the rest of the ingredients.
I told him that i was angry for all that what had happened and whta he had tried to make me feel jealous!!
Visit the tutorial in the caption of the first pic if you want to make your own. As much as I love you all, I'm not willing to share my mother-in-law. She's one in a million.
The Life Path 6 suggests that you entered this plane with tools to become the ultimate nurturer, and a beacon for truth, justice, righteousness, and domesticity. Your paternal, or maternal, as the case may be, instincts with a 6 Life Path exceed all others by a considerable margin. Whether in the home or in the work place, you’re the predominant caretaker and family head. While the 6 may assume significant responsibilities in the community, their life revolves around the immediate home and family, for this is the most domestic of numbers. Conservative principles and convictions are deeply ingrained and define your character.
B 1160 had previously cleared both the state’s House and Senate, but Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell reportedly refused to sign his name to the bill in its original form. The Tenth Amendment Center reports that Gov. McDonnell wanted to veto the legislation, but that doing so would cost him the support of a large chunk of the state’s liberal voters. As a compromise, Gov. McDonnell added an amendment that is being favored by the bill’s sponsors and it is now expected to go on the books effective July 1.
The death of an authority like R. Yehudah HaNasi certainly would not happen without some attention, which is reflected in the two accounts presented for us in the Babylonian and Palestine Talmud. Both accounts give an interesting understanding of how the news of his death was accepted (or not accepted), his role and significance among the Jews of his time, as well as how later authorities viewed him, since though the accounts are prescribed his immediate surroundings, I would expect the written and presented accounts to be much later, and thus have changed in some regards, though these might not be so obvious.
their squeals of fear or delight each time we hit a bump in the road - my being a few minutes late for class seems a small price.
From the findings of Lam’s report, it is clear that students (61.2%) think sex education is necessary and desire a change in the sex education curriculum to include issues related to self-development. The most interesting topic for students’ inquiry is self-understanding (86.6 %) followed by personality development (82.2%) and development of self-concept (81.8%). Although a high percentage of students are knowledgeable about HIV related issues and the risk of unprotected sex, knowledge seems to have little impact on the attitudes towards condom use. From these findings it becomes apparent that secondary students are concerned with sexuality, self-identity and sexual behavior, but it is also apparent that the sex education curriculum has become inadequate to meet students’ needs, especially in the time of HIV/AIDS.
If you delve into our archives there are some excellent articles on freeing the creative flow. While I am not discounting that process, this article will look at an authors ‘need’ to write.
Mississippi Power will keep building its new Kemper County Integrated Gasification Combined Cycle facility, despite a ruling by the Mississippi Supreme Court to send the certification process back to the Public Service Commission.
I am NOT accepting e-books, self-published books, indie press books, or interactive media books at this time. Exceptions include those already on my TBR.
Heb. 13:5 “ I will never leave you nor forsake you.
Five years is a long time for mojo to go on vacation, but it is what it is.
The other day I did a trial for a certain company, where it took THREE MONTHS!!! to reach the verdict = “you are not good enough”.
1 tin tomatoes
She bestows to me her wistful trust,
Translation: Ask the new people you meet about themselves. When in a group or at a party, listen carefully to the conversation. See where you might be able to jump in. It may be something as simple as an exclamation, “You’re kidding me!” that gets the ball rolling.
Height: 60cm
On Saturday, we walked briskly in the rain and then I brought him back to our apartment to test out the ZoomGroom I recently bought. I know it’s not the most effective brush for hair removal, but I had heard good things about its massaging powers and how much dogs seem to like it.
I used Flourishes "City of David" stamp set stamped in Anna Griffin "Grey" ink. I colored the images with Tombows and Distress Inks, then cut out and popped up on popdots. They were placed on a sponged Spellbinders Large Ovals background and backed with a Spellbinders Labels 18. I used DCWV "Pearlized & Metallic" Luxury stack paper scored at 1/4 intervals for a textured background, matted with metallic brushed silver CS. I used the Spellbinder Classic Lace die for my border, I added pearls then used a dark gray grosgrain ribbon and a hat pin for my accessories.
(I’m reviewing this now as I don’t want to go straight to episode two, which will be uploaded shortly.)
There have been some great Rainforest’s in a bottle submitted as part of your home learning project. I know many of you still have plants growing at home too. This week’s home learning task is to develop an investigation which we started in class on Thursday with the Year 5s. I want you to investigate the Magic Vs problem - how can you make each ‘arm’ of the V add to the same total? If you have already completed this challenge, then why not take on the Magic Y investigation invented by Elliot, Archie and Louis.
While I was still teaching, I had many streams of income coming in from all different directions. This made my transition to staying-at-home much easier.
As this happened in a private hospital, we (my accompanying friend and I) were given tea and two Quality Street chocolates afterwards by the very amiable Irish nurse who told me that, if you give blood in Edgware, they give you cup of tea, a sandwich of your choice and crisps. As I have shamefully not given blood for about three years, this is tempting.
Today's Prompt: What's the story of the most difficult challenge you've faced in a relationship? Did you overcome it? What was the outcome?
Publish Date: April 3, 2012
Remember, helping others should not be for assuaging your guilt at being self-sufficient.
10. What inspired you to start blogging?
What we did for "Fun Friday": It was a rainy day, which means it is a good day to stay inside around here since you practically need a boat to get around parts of our yard when it is wet. The kids played a few "games" online (Ooka Island, Big Bibletown), colored in their doodle books, tried their hands at I Spy, worked on paper dolls (the girls), and listened to Adventures in Odyssey. You can listen to episodes online at OnePlace and even watch episodes at Jelly Telly.
Logically, there might have to be a fall-back position, where the executive can draw down maintenance funds, pending approval, to keep basis services going – or not. If Congress does not approve the budget in the US, it falls. That tends to concentrate minds. Only, in this case, it is the people who stop the money. And money talks.
Proverbs 8:13 The fear of the LORD is to hate evil Pride and arrogance and the evil way, And the perverted mouth, I hate.
9. What advice would you give yourself 10 years ago?
It was about then I began to wonder if some aspects of my humor weren't a tad juvenile. I mean, laughing at the same thing a twenty-month-old found amusing? The same thing that makes babies all over the world laugh?
After tonight, I am revising this policy and seriously considering giving my baby cat up for adoption.
Bel Canto Didn’t you know N
Offered by the Cohasset Recreation Department
I always bring home a vintage dachshund no matter what when I spot them on my treasure hunting outings. It does not matter if they do not look like my own dogs, I still know they will be loved and enjoyed at my house. ~ seems to be a running theme here......
What bothers me is that these late-night, sleep ruining maniacs are probably in their teens or early twenties, don't have a job to get up to at five, and all have foreign-made bikes that look like a space ship with wheels, that's been painted either bright red or yellow. The motorcycle's are not only loud, but sound like my mother-in law a few hours after she's eaten fifteen burritos. The guys also wear brightly colored racing outfits, and these futuristic helmets that look.......... Let's just say they look less than manly.
Of course, without an agent, they’ll probably low-ball you at first. Not to mention, some NYC publishers won’t offer this kind of money regardless of what the quick and dirty formula says (and if you join RWA, the members will tell you which publishers won’t offer above 5k no matter what).
Place beets in a saucepan and cover with water. Bring beets to a boil and simmer until tender about 25-30 minutes.
North Coast Brother Thelonius 355ml $8.50 – Belgian style strong dark ale, rich, slightly sweet caramel with dark fruit & spice notes.
Other ingredients
Please note the following:
Darren Paul oddy (UKIP) 619
Jesuit-trained at Georgetown University, where he had close ties to
Myth #6 – Introverts always want to be alone.
My lover came by with blood roses
Well she is getting her 15 minutes sure. She reminds me a bit of the "ugly duckling" who is an anti porn crusader. You know the type. Mean, shrill, and just not real easy on the eyes. They are only in the anti porn business because well...no one much would be interested in seeing them in the nudie movies. Or so they think. This bothers them a little bit. This Fluke is in this "demanding birth control" business for much the same reason I betcha. In order to need birth control, well, there must be someone willing to do the evil deed with her (so to speak). Probably not a whole lot of fellas willing to go that far. At least while sober. Yes Yes I understand she admits to being well sexed; but could that just be a little smidgen of wishful thinking? Something in the realm of fantasy perhaps?
08. Metropolis – Poseidon (7:10)
Artist: Marcus To
The goal in genocidal rape is not merely to hurt people. Much less is the goal simply to have sex. Group destruction is the goal. Sexual violence is not simply some ancillary tool to this goal. Indeed, because of the peculiar nature of rape and sexual torture, it is particularly suited to genocide. In war, the destructive effects of rape are largely beside the point. In genocide, the destruction is the point.
Choosing to visit from early spring through the dominos bismarck north dakota of September with weekly Saturday races. They run Pure Stock, Sprint cars, Street Stock and Modifieds. They host several special events such as low-cost housing, alternative energy development, and infrastructure construction not only sustainable but profitable for the dominos bismarck north dakota of Development Organizations have all put their support behind the dominos bismarck north dakota that larger cities are clamoring for a long period of time, you will definitely want to make their crops grow, and this is true; however there are currently more than $1,000 each month to invest, save, and pay off other debts.
I’m not going to go any further than that because the man’s ugly vulgar and obscene history is readily available online but of course the msm doesn’t seem to care what this man says or does because they didn’t even notice or rather were not shocked when he and his and his partner Terry Miller were invited to the White House by the Obama administration for a June 29,2011 “Pride Reception”.
Allow me to share.
It doesn't take much to get President Kennedy in the news, even though he's been dead for nearly 50 years. Did President McKinley have such a hold on the popular imagination in 1950? As well liked as McKinley was before his assassination, probably not.
Seems out of character for Neil to be willing to forge a letter from his father. I know he’s juiced with Keating mojo, but geez. Next he is going to boost the school’s hearse to go get milkshakes and go to the hop.
PSIONIC ABILITY: Nil
Next is Alogon, a space run by folks from the Art Institute's grad program.
In respect of the first question, whilst the sad decline of a number of the chicks due to the terrible weather over the weekend has made difficult viewing, the option of intervening hasn’t really been seriously considered by our conservation team for a number of reasons. Firstly, these are wild birds, nesting in a location of their own choice, and whilst we do have the privilege of watching the family’s progress or possible decline, we don’t feel it would be right to directly interfere with the brood. If we had tried to remove some of the chicks there would also have been the possibility that the adults may have abandoned the nest and any remaining healthy chicks.
In terms of personality improvements... well I need to learn to think before I speak and to consider the feelings of others. I can say that it is pretty much never my express intention to hurt people, but I can do this inadvertantly (if not hurt them, then make them feel silly) by joking or teasing with the best intentions but without considering that people have different levels of tolerance, of sensitivity and simply that everyone is going through their own battles and we will never know someone's context completely. And so I want to learn to consider others in all that I say, but not to become paralysed by that - I like teasing people and joking with them (in a respectful way) because (done right) it brings people out of their shell, it pulls a few laughs and in a way it makes people feel special.
I hate these?
By Kenny
To Whom did Paul belong and Whom did he serve? One might well say God, but more specifically, it would be Jesus Christ. Let’s confirm this in our verse for the day. “There stood by me the angel of the Lord.” It wasn’t just any ordinary angel but one of a kind, “the angel of the Lord.” We have before shown that this was Jesus Christ. Paul did not belong to an angel nor did he serve an angel, but God and Jesus Christ.
This is a log line. Avoid them.
“But, you went to Steven’s party with her after you took me home?” I struggled to understand his explanation.
It’s two years after the events of The Bourne Identity, and ex-CIA assassin Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) is still suffering from a broken mind. His memories are fractured, and is awakened in the middle of the night more frequently than not. Jason & Marie (Franka Potente) are now living in Goa, India, but meanwhile, Jason Bourne is about to be framed for two murders in Berlin, Germany. A CIA team, headed by Pamela Landy (Joan Allen), is attempting to purchase classified Russian documents, but a Russian assassin named Kirill (Karl Urban) killed both men and stole the documents. A planted fingerprint implicates Jason Bourne for all this. Then, Kirill shows up in Goa, India to kill Bourne himself in order to erase any evidence to the contrary in framing Bourne. Kirill believes he has completed his mission, but unknowingly, Bourne still lives. However, Bourne believes that it is the CIA who sent a man to kill him, and this sends Jason on a dead set mission to find and take out those who he told to leave him alone. The trail of planted evidence leads Pamela Landy to Operation: Treadstone, the elite team of assassins lead by the late Alex Conklin (Chris Cooper) of which Jason Bourne was the top operative. Landy brings Ward Abbott (Brian Cox), Conklin’s boss, into the mix as she attempts to unravel the mystery of Jason Bourne, and why he has come out of hiding. Now, Jason Bourne is coming down hard and fast on the CIA while the Agency is attempting to hunt down Bourne.
This image has been in circulation for quite some time now and yes, many may considerate it to be hilarious or awesome, which it most certainly is in my opinion until you realize…Leonard and Penny slept together and Dexter and Dee Dee are brother and sister…
Often times, we do things for the wrong reasons or perhaps because no one ever asked why or no one ever took the time and explained the real reasons. Every Sunday, we take a special time out of our worship service to eat a small piece of bread and drink a little cup of grape juice, and there are some who really don’t know or understand why. I’ve listed the reasons why I am at the Lord’s Table today.
No pills, no foul tasting sprays, no uncomfortable devices and no sticky strips to stick on your face. Simply put the patch on your pillow and breath in the blend of essential oils.
So back to my story about today...and the money thing...
R: Tell us about the animals that come to Paint Creek Animal Rescue.
Tomas is doing well. After several start-ups with feeds that increased too fast we are going the really slow approach. So far it is working, but it means an extra few days in here. The doctors (and there are lots) have all rounded. Tomas' stomach biopsy came back with chronic gastritis, and the liver biopsy came back with inflammation around the bile ducts. As usual it doesn't point them to any on diagnosis or direction, but this time around he is being followed by an incredibly caring GI doc. He said Tomas will go home with an appt. from metabolics (by-passing a possible 4 month wait), and he is going to call and/or email all his other doctors to get everyone on the same page, and that the time has come to stop the specialist approach and start managing him as a team. He will also be going home on a new medicine to try to keep his motility going and prevent any further psuedo obstructions. It has a very hit and miss reputation, so let's hope for a hit!
20 Middlemarch – George Eliot
So in honor of Poem in Your Pocket Day, I offer the following:
I DONT WANT HSSH TO BE SEEN BY GOD AS “THE WICKED!” I don’t want it. I’ve struggled with portions of the Bible for years when it comes to verses that speak like Psalm 37 does. Where does someone who has made the choices my ex-husband has made fall? I hope he doesn’t fall there… but I don’t know.
I still haven't finished going through the EOBs (Explanation of Benefits) because my disgust was too overwhelming. Now, I know that I could just let them fight it out, because either way, I was covered - and the insurance company covering both places of employment is Blue Cross Blue Shield. So ... it's fighting itself. Shoot! I had even called them, trying to get them to terminate the first plan ... but they hadn't heard from the House Member, my former employer, into my third or fourth month in the other plan.
This puts them under his control and makes them dependent for more handouts in order to live a life that far exceeds the level of luxury of a normal politician.
And the point is that there is real variety – but each one comes to an individual marked with the church’s name on, received from the same God. It is the same Spirit, whatever the gift. It is the same Lord Jesus (cf v3), whatever the service of the individual believer. It is the same God empowering his people, whatever the work may be.
After SIL#3 picked Kara up I headed to the quilt shop to purchase the additional Christmas fabric I need for our girls weekend retreat. Surprise, surprise I couldn't leave without something extra, Sweetwater Reunion fabric.
Recently I watched Roland Emmerich's 2012 starring John Cusack. The film is based on the ancient prophecies taken from the Mayan calendar that suggest the world will end on December 21, 2012. Starting in real time of when the movie was released (2009) and moving through 2010, the story culminates with the disaster as predicted--and that's all in the first half of the film. The balance of the film slows to a little more dramatic action, which is continually interspersed with additional scenes of visual effects. What you end up with is two and a half hours of mind-numbing, edge of your seat thrills.
Once you’ve totaled up your monthly income and your monthly expenses, subtract the expense total from the income total to get the difference. A positive number indicates that you’re spending less than you earn–congratulations. A negative number indicates that your expenses are greater than your income. This means you will need to trim your expenses in order to begin living within your means.
It is estimated that 6 million people die each year of trauma, 400,000 of them in hospitals. But, a study published earlier this month in BMC Emergency Medicine estimated that wider use of tranexamic acid could save up to 128,000 of those people a year, including 4,000 in the U.S. alone.
Ooh, it makes me wonder,
Since Blogger put up the anti-spam feature, nary a SINGLE spam has made it into my comments. Nary one.
It is essential that we be honest with ourselves. We must acknowledge the destructiveness of our sin. It is only when we are honest with ourselves that we can truly repent.
THE Democratic Alliance in KZN is concerned that possible “insider collusion” may be behind the sudden upsurge in rhino poaching in KZN’s game reserves and called on Conservation and Environment MEC Lydia Johnson to urgently investigate the matter.
- Margherita
The smell is mild, somewhat hard to detect like the aforementioned Mendocino Bock. The only thing I can really sense is pale malt. Again, the aroma doesn't detract from the beer, but it's hard to find a hint of what to expect.
Above: Claudette Colbert and Joseph Mankiewicz presided over a sedate New York audience, while out in Los Angeles, audiences were energized by young comedian Jerry Lewis. (Courtesy Oscars)
Yep. I've kept silent about it, but today (in)courage tagged me in a Facebook post, so I guess my anonymity flew the coop.
More gunshots followed, then a bullet struck the dashboard. Nervously, Johnny fired out the window without putting it down and it broke into a thousand pieces, his face peppered with shards of thick glass. More blood. A lot more.
RYAN MORELAND: Thank you, I’m thrilled to be collaborating on this mission!
In time we all moved to Missouri with our company. After a while there Jay took a job with another company and they moved away. We too left and moved back to South Dakota to work for my father-in-law. That was not a good fit and in a couple of years we were again looking for work when Jay called and asked if we would consider moving to Tennessee to consult for the company he worked for there, so we were off on another adventure.
We have that identical picture here. The two men are killed. They are hung, and then Ahasuerus promotes this wicked man Haman.
One thing I particularly liked about this model, was that despite being on the Gold Coast in Queensland where skimpy bikinis are commonplace, she didn’t feel that she had to show skin more than necessary and was aware about posing in a classy way. Nice!
I am really fond of these bottom lashes!! They're so natural and I love the accent towards the outer portion of the lash band :D I think they look better on my eyes than the 13 Baby Girl ones. I was a fan of the Diamon Lash Lovely Eye bottom lash, but these ones are a lot nicer because the quality is better and I think I prefer the lashes to be more straight, rather than curled. They go well with both the Diamond Lash and Dolly Wink upper lashes, so I would be happy to wear them with either.
1-2, 6-4 Higashisapporo, Shiroishi-ku, Sapporo 003-0006 Japan
What I thought Poulos was saying in the most labored, pretentious, roundabout way was this:
Baby Girl #3 is due in one month! We are getting ready in the huth house; washing clothes, talking about names, getting out baby gear, making lists, packing hospital bags and giving pep talks to the big sisters.
For example, in July 1948, Iraq prohibited Jews from leaving the country.
The Woodcarver DVD: Sandy V
Once everything was dry, I wiped all the pieces down with a damp cloth, then finished them with 2 coats of Minwax polycrylic in clear semi-gloss.
200$ each (300$ each framed)
“The absolutely fabulous people at M&S will take your unwanted clothes to a shop called ‘Ox Farm’, or something like that I think, where they will be sold, and the profits will go to cha… to cha… hang on, I have it written down here somewhere… oh yes; to Char-ee-tee. And this way, we will no longer have to fire four million tons of unwanted clothes into space every year.”
Instagram.
I love the top of these crew socks; it rolls rather than being a band and just plain looks pretty.
By the way, in pusat culture, including and especially at Gambang, the botaks are the lowest in the pecking order and the food chain – sometimes literally (if there’s not enough of something, the botaks have to `voluntarily’ sacrifice their share). They also `volunteer’ for the toughest, dirtiest, most dreary work. Everyone starts as a botak.
I am finding more organizations who are promoting women in politics. It should be imperative for women of all ages, colors and classes to increase the awareness of women in the political process and support women for election to public office. Political Party Affiliation does not matter as well…. Regardless of party affiliation, congressional women deliver more federal projects to their home districts and sponsor and co-sponsor more legislation than their male colleagues. In a study that was recently published in The American Journal of Political Science, researchers from Stanford University and the University of Chicago attributed women’s political success not to some innate political instinct but to the fact that it’s really hard for us to get elected (there are currently 360 men and 75 women in the House; 83 men and 17 women in the Senate). They theorize that women feel immense pressure to measure up, so instead of meeting expectations, we surpass them.
I suppose I should have gone in with more trepidation as this is essentially a remake of Christopher Nolan's Memento, a film which a fucking adore, but I was sick and it was the middle of the night when I started it, so maybe my brain just wasn't ready to be its normal jaded self.
Her ears were deaf with mockery thus she savors the lines that say she is special.
Yes, I did some cramming in order to prepare myself for Patience (After Sebald), picking up a copy of the particular Sebald book that Grant Gee, in his film, explores in great depth. Thankfully, though, The Rings of Saturn is stimulating enough that it never felt like mere "work." This is an amazing book: an intellectual/historical/personal travelogue that taps into a spirit of restless adventure that reminds me of why I consider Jack Kerouac's On the Road to be one of my favorite pieces of literature ever.
June 9, 2008 — Casey Anthony and her daughter Caylee move out of Casey’s parents, Cindy and George Anthony’s home, and in with her ex-boyfriend, Ricardo Morales, and friend, Amy Huizenga.
Burger King. Eat like snake.
You can always delete the browser later (sorry Google, still love ya).
it was the recessional song at our wedding. the only recorded music we used.
What’s the way out? There’s no easy answer. The main return-to-constitutional-rule scenario envisages President Touré being restored to office, then resigning and handing over power to his designated successor, National Assembly speaker Dioncounda Traoré. But the same constitution would then call for elections to be organized within six weeks. With the country effectively cut in two by the rebellion, holding elections will be impossible. A longer-term transition plan will be needed, one not supervised by the junta.
I'm not saying I have the audience or the talent of Pynchon or Martin, but people often have careers that don't involve a book a year or multiple books a year. And some people do.
They looked great, it was hilarious and just a bit of fun. This country has the best humor in the world, don't like it, don't live here, simples.
I don't like parking garages.
they too have their story.
Lord I repent on behalf of the church. I repent for ignorance on how to approach sexual immorality. I repent for being hateful to Your precious creation, your sons and daughters. I repent for not protecting the sanctity of life and not taking a stand against the abomination of abortion. I repent for our pride in our own works and pride in our flesh and our rules. I repent for not reaching out to the lost in love, but most of all I repent for not seeking your face.
Altantuya was 28-years-old when she was murdered by 2 former bodyguards of Najib’s in a jungle clearing in Selangor. She was shot in the face and bombed with C4 to prevent identification, and many also say, to destroy any evidence that she had been pregnant at the time of her killing as she had purportedly told her killers. The two men are now on death row, still awaiting an appeal date despite having been judged guilty in 2008.
Basement that is in good condition and at least able to fix-up without major costs associated to it
The Byzantine Emperor was appropriately enough named Constantine, the eleventh to bear that name; but he would be the last. He had prepared the city for the expected attack, and had organised large stores of arms, cleared the ditches, and repaired the walls. The citizens had worked to support their Emperor, stopping only for the Easter celebrations in Hagia Sophia (1 April). He had called upon allies for help but none was forthcoming, save seven hundred Genoese led by Giovanni Giustiniani Longo.
“No, ignore this blasphemy!” retorts the second. “Read the Qur’an, and learn about Allah, the one true God, or face eternal hellfire!”
At the age of 32, Rivaldo agreed what I can only imagine was a substantial financial package to take him to the Greek Super League to play for Olympiakos. His new side had experienced something of a blip – failing to win the league in 2003/04 for the first time in seven seasons – but teaming Rivaldo with his former Barcelona strike-partner Giovanni, Olympiakos regained their grip on the domestic scene.
It was mostly the young people of this nation who elected Obama and the Democratic Congress. You fell for the “Hope and Change” which in reality was nothing but “Hype and Lies.”
Watch out for disintegration or collapse of Cities, large-scale structures, bridges, tunnels, power plants… , e.g., collapse of China’s Three Gorges Dam in the next two to three years.
“That’s all down to the narrator, I think,” says McKinty. “If you can get a good narrator, you’re in like Flynn. I’ve been fortunate with Gerard Doyle, who is incredibly popular and much sought after. I’m pretty sure if I’d done a Le Carré or a Douglas Adams and narrated the books myself, it would have been a complete disaster.”
Triglycerides: 192
This is quite a handsome and functional case. I paid only $25 for it new through a seller on Amazon, which I consider to be quite a deal, but I typically see it listed for $35-$40. Amazon had one of these left in "red" (burgundy), one in silver, a single-pen version and a 3-pen version. (It appears the 3-pen version only has loops inside, rather than sleeves.) Try this Google search, and you'll find eBay listings, too. Or, you could just go with Cross's current line-up, in which the cases are not quite as sleek as this one but still feature the holes (I know there's got to be a better name for that race-car leather look) and an easier closing mechanism than most other cases (magnetic flap rather than a tuck-in flap).
Anything by Georgette Heyer or Terry Pratchett, and The Lost Art of Keeping Secrets, by Eva Rice, is perfect too.
Last years teams reintroduced the blown diffuser concept, either by blowing exhaust gasses over the top of the diffuser, or by creating an opening into the diffuser to blow inside the diffuser. Both solutions created more downforce. With the latter solution now banned, it seemed the less effective over-blown solutions are all that’s left to race. However LRGP have found another way, blowing the front edge of the floor.
She tells us about instances of differences with parents in the past. When it rained some parents wanted the children to stay inside and learn English, this wasn't felt to be supporting the ethos of the project and "it is this sort of non agreement within a cooperative which makes projects stuck." The pedagogues felt frustrated as their expertise wasn't being valued in this decision making process.When the project originally set up some parents could not deal with all the mud and because the project was working as a cooperative the project split into two.
I've thought about this quite a bit and have come to some important conclusions
We have a nice hit piece by Maureen Dowd, who wrote:
I used a crimper on some Kraft scrap, then distress paint, and a punch on the tag pocket.
When twenty-five-year-old Mary Stuart learns she inherited a farm from her recently murdered grandparents -- grandparents her father claimed had died before she was born -- she becomes obsessed with finding out who they were and why someone wanted them dead.
Fruit (3): 3
7. Smoking is not cool.
What an amazing experience to really SEE him, really hear him.
Usually when I think of Kababs/Kebabs, they are either baked or pan fried. This one is different from the rest as they are deep fried using a marinade. In Bangalore, you can find people selling these not only in restaurants but also in those road side shops which opens only after 6.30 pm and their menu doesn't go beyond Fried Rice and Chicken Kababs.
go on and walk away
What else could I want?
(Dotty, you can just copy the picture or whatever, but you have to add your own text. You don’t have to answer 27 questions about yourself or pass this on to anybody, but I suppose you can if you want to)…
“I’ve been playing well all year so I was pretty confident. But trying not to let myself get carried away. I just wanted to come out and start steady and strong and play my way into the tournament, which I’ve done.”
The dough should be in the consistency of a iddiyapam dough or more softer than a roti dough.
God is pretty cool...I mean 1, He created us to be who we are, to have choices, to live, to breathe, to have the ability to be friends with Him and with others.
And then there are the bluebirds in their nest box by the window. For weeks they've been coming and going with, to my eyes, neither rhyme nor reason. First he showed up in a blaze of blue and orange, bearing pieces of hay in his beak and strutting around. Then she came and seemed to be more focused, actually carrying stuff into the nest. But then the flow of building materials stopped, followed by casual visits during which the pair would stick their heads into the nest and then fly off, perhaps never to return. Were they inexperienced? Were they losing interest? Were they scared of the frogs? I didn't dare to look inside then nest box, for fear of putting them off
Yes Easter is about family as well, and on days like today I miss having my family around. But it also means I have a bigger family, and it doesn’t matter where I celebrate, in which language or tradition, we are celebrating as a family the greatest day. So today I will celebrate with ‘family’, the death and resurrection of our Saviour, the amazing love and the great hope.
What the hell, horse! I thought it was the RF that was our big problem!
Lately I've wondered whether any choice is "right" in these situations. What is a measure of having done it right?
I finally got to the second half of our summer trip in Texas. After that I will move onto our time in Tokyo and then a few posts about Bali. It’s taking a while for me to catch up with the posts from our vacation and it’s not easy! I can’t wait to start writing about Jakarta again! I would like to thank those who have left me with comments in June and July during my vacation. Thank you so much for your comments!! I always read your comments and they mean a lot to me. I am sorry that I don’t always have the time to write you back, but I treasure each one of your comment!
Each year we get tons of questions. “how do i start my own TV show?” Well to get on TV there are 3 common ways: 1) become a prostaff for a major company by winning archery, competitive calling contests etc. 2) Shoot a top 10 P&Y or B&C animal on film and open doors for sponsorship. 3) or like the rest of us poor slobs, get a camera, film your hunts and chase down sponsorship money to pay for production and airtime.
Go check it out~
It is only in the lands where there is still an indigenous or majority white populations where they want to set up their meting pots. As we all know, a desire for ethnic preservation is only a sin when white people do it, amongst any other group it is viewed as both admirable and indeed a basic human right.
Together "six bardos" form a classification of states of consciousness into six broad types:
Each of us is so incredibly special and loved dearly by our Heavenly Father, who has sent us to this Earth that we might have joy and continue on our journey towards exaltation and brilliant perfection. He is on our side and He wants us to succeed; unlike others who, for reasons specific to each of them, are threatened by the bold life of a person committed to rising above the norm. We need to throw off our cloaks of fear and embrace the light-filled life of accomplishing our divine directives. Only then will we have happiness and peace and lasting joy. It serves no one but the adversary when we shrink from rising to our full potential.
Nex #01-01/02
However, He gave him the mitzvah of milah. On the surface this commandment looks cruel and painful. Avraham was told to do an act of din. He needed to learn that although the world is grounded on chesed, it also needs din to survive. S’dom had to be destroyed because the world cannot tolerate absolute evil forever. Avraham needed to learn that unbridled love can be devastating. Therefore his prayers failed. On his personal being, he had to undergo milah, a painful mitzvah. This was because Avraham, the epitome of chesed, needed to pick up an element of din in order to become tamim – perfect. Therefore, Hashem told him about the birth of Yitzchak immediately
Just two weeks prior to that, several shareholders of E&O had raised their stakes in the company. GK Goh, on three consecutive days, increased its stake to 12% while Datuk Azizan Abd Rahman, a director of E&O, purchased 100,000 shares.
"Were you afraid when you woke up and everyone was gone?"
what heaven will be like. We only know that it will be wonderful!
This challenge we are pleased to be sponsored by Simon Says Stamp who are offering one lucky winner a $20 voucher to spend in their store!! To be in with a chance of winning just back link to our challenge and enter by 19th June (so plenty of time!!)
(Maybe they will take up residence on the old unlined landfill across the street and feed on Grasshopper Sparrows.)
And then comes this great story about Schlitz beer from Copyblogger. Back in the ’20s, a writer was hired to help the company improve its market position. He toured the brewery where he was shown all the steps the company takes to ensure the purity of their product, from filtration to sterilization to the fresh water they use.
R3: *Sc 1, 2 sc in next sc*, rep 6 times. (18 sts)
A project that involved her every step of the way.
—J. B. Stanley, author of Stiffs and Swine: A Supper Club Mystery
FIRST COMMERCIAL WINE RELEASE: Rutherford Runway Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc, Spring 2011
This is one of those movies that I had been longing to see for months before I ever got the chance to view it. The title grabbed my attention immediately, and that, along with the premise and the fact that it stars Sandra Dee made me almost certain that it would be amazing. Usually when a movie has so much going for it, the expectations are lived up to. Unfortunately, as you'll remember from last Sunday, this isn't always the case, but Doctor, You've Got to be Kidding! doesn't disappoint.
To make the challenge even more fun, we will be giving out a prize, a $15 gift certificate to be used toward stamps at the Our Daily Bread Designs store!! Entries for the prize must be submitted by Friday, March 3rd at 8 a.m. EST. One random winner will be chosen and announced next Saturday. If you are not using ODBD stamps, please do not enter more than once. Additional entries without using ODBD stamps will not be commented on or will they qualify for prizes.
President Rutherford B. Hayes sought direct federal aid to public education, and after leaving office in 1881 became what amounted to a socialist, pondering in his diary about “how to secure a more equal distribution of property among the people.” He crafted a plan that called for inheritance to be capped at $500,000. All inherited wealth over half a million dollars would be confiscated by the government to distribute to those less fortunate. GOP Presidents Garfield and Harrison also had liberal and progressive leanings.
Books make great holiday gifts, and I happen to know where you can get some great mysteries, signed by the authors!
Its hard not having Sandra and Pitu at my side, having that support and assistance to keep me on track. The weather has been nice recently, but I'm lacking the drive to make the most of it, not feeling inspired much at all. I think this is just a dark cloud over me at the moment and looking for that ray of light.
When I leave the kitchen or food storage areas which are in our home, our kitchen and then we have a pantry area in our basement, I LEAVE THEM...til breakfast. SOMETIMES I feel a pull to go back mentally and emotionally, but I busy myself in my den or if it's time to go to bed, I go there...I will use that feeling too to drink water or other healthful beverage~NEVER sugary stuff...b/c I have placed that item in the den or bedside. I NEVER drink juice b/c it's totally a FAST SHOT of sugar that has little fiber and drives UP blood sugars...I don't need FAST, but rather the fiber of fresh whole fruit metabolize on the slow...and make for more consistent energy...I NEED that...in so many ways....
Anyway, seeing this list in front of me, I now know where to place my energy of people pleasing.
Made available to American grocery stores between 1965 and 1967: Bac-Os bacon bits, Shake 'N' Bake, Doritos, Easy Cheese, SpaghettiOs, Tang, Cool Whip.
Overall, it was an interesting - not to mention nerve-wracking - experience. But good fun for catching up with old friends and contacts and making some new ones.
One great demonstration of evidence a psychic can give is to accurately provide the name of a total strangers deceased loved one. As a big fan of the tv shows Sensing Murder, I have been very impressed with the accuracy of psychic Deb Webber who appeared in the Australian and New Zealand versions of the show. She consistently gets accurate information about the victim in the cases, relating to both letters and numbers. When I realised that I was failing to provide this imformation to my sitters, I realised I had to develop a system whereby spirits can point to a certain letter or number to help me spell out their name or date of birth / death. I have only been trying to do this for a few weeks so far and already I incredibly got the first 3 letters of someones name in a reading. I initially had guessed the entire name, but was incorrect. After several wrong guesses, all of which had started with the same 3 letters, I moved on, but could not let it go and came back to it later. The sitter then confirmed that the nick name by which this person was known did in fact start with these 3 letters. I could not have been more thrilled and will continue to develop this aspect of my ability.
#25 1974 Joe DeLaCerda EP Austin High Jump 6'10"
So our 52 Pages is almost at an end, and many people have asked me if I am doing a prompt challenge next year...well I am...sort of. I will try and explain what I am going to do, and then if you would like to join in that would be wonderful.
and the people breathed in harmony
The Astro satellite channel have contacted Sarawak Report to acknowledge that they DID censor the BBC news report on the Bersih 3.0rally!
2 tbsp. olive oil*
But I'm willing to play nice. I just asked to join her forum and if I'm allowed (Fat chance) I'm going to ask her about the things we have in our Vatican Vs. God rebuttals we have in the side bar.
Edmund Bond(1934) is Marxist celebrated for Saved(1964) which caused the public debate on censorship that led to the office of The Lord Chamberlaine, being abolished. Under The Theatres Act 1843 scripts had to be submitted for approval by the Lord Chamberlains's Office. The Lord Chamberlain sought to censor Saved but Bond refused to alter it, saying removing the pivotal stoning scene would alter the meaning of the play. He was backed by the play's director William Gaskill and the Royal Court. They used a legal loophole which allowed plays that had been banned to be performed under 'club' by forming a theatre club. However, the English Stage Society were still prosecuted, found guilty and given a Conditional Discharge.
Well, it seems that the undecideds broke for BNP in the municipal polls.
Here is the official announcement about Mariah Carey coming to HSN — news that we broke over the weekend.
Combine all ingredients in the large bowl of a food processor. Blend for one to two minutes until smooth and creamy, scraping down sides as necessary. Refrigerate a minimum of one hour before serving.
So, now that I found one new fave...what else do I need to know about? Do tell! And if it happens to come with a gift card, that would be peachy. ;)
Needless to say, the women in the happy, committed, relationships felt less pain while being shocked the second time, as they held their lovers hands.
After starting this project I quickly realised that if I’m feeling obligated to be kind then I am far more likely to take it personally if the recipient of my kindness is ungrateful or unappreciative. Giving with a negative intention (because you feel you “should”, to get something out of it, to make someone think better of you) is not really a kindness to anyone. Because eventually you will feel so resentful you’ll explode, or you will burn out, or you will simply forget that you actually have any wants or needs of your own. And all of these scenarios will actually prevent you from giving fully to others.
*the series we are going through at church has been amazing and i have been so challenge and am growing so much. Even the things i wrestle with...that still promotes growth.
And the pensioners themselves are played by an all-star cast of golden-nuggety British greats: Bill Nighy, Maggie Smith, Judi Dench (right), Tom Wilkinson, Penelope Wilton and Celia Imrie.
Here is my response:
For only the third time in the eight years I've known her, I lie to her.
Another eye-popping number was the percentage of Americans who don’t pay income taxes, which now accounts for nearly half of the U.S. population. Meanwhile, most of that population receives generous federal benefits.
Ghost Baby
We say sorry when we get people mad at us. We say sorry when people get into trouble because of us. We say sorry to someone who is experiencing an unpleasant event. However it is, the person we say sorry to is definitely not in a good mood. The last thing they need is a long apologetic speech. It's like pouring vinegar onto a wound.
and 13th of its indigenous global navigation and positioning network known as Beidou,
Secret Knowledge or Deception a Go-Go?
Fully assembled, ready-to-install with mounting hardware and 5 foot power cord included
The film stars Jonah Hill, Channing Tatum, Brie Larson, Dave Franco, Rob Riggle, DeRay Davis and Ice Cube – with Phil Lord and Chris Miller onboard as directors – what was it like working with the cast and crew on-set? Any good anecdotes?
Just some real shit that i’m going through and niggas go through every day…. but it’s not a pity party i’ll figure it out.
We think this will be a great addition to sexy gypsy. And hopefully spark some healthy conversations in the comments. So check back later today for the first installment of the High Fidelity section.
“What do you mean?” Jack said.
Some people change countries for practical reasons; a new job, to learn a language or because there is no extradition treaty with the Unite States. Others have more romantic motives; a new spouse, dreams of finding Prince Charming or if he’s unavailable, to date an Italian (a real Italian, one with an Italian accent). Some expatriates are running away, some are running to and some are just running.
With the tragedy in Haiti, I feel like MANY overlooked the death of a LEGEND TEDDY PENDERGRASS, Now this song was done a ways back at Scram Jones crib and we had it in the vaults…but in the wake of the death of the Legend we decided to release it to the world in the Memory Of. And Scram Jones told me to tell yall “Dont think we jumping on the Teddy P Bandwagon we just find this the perfect time to send this out.
On May 1, as part of the San Francisco International Film Festival, SF filmmaker Sam Green will regale audiences at the SFMOMA with a "live documentary" presentation, The Love Song of R. Buckminster Fuller, featuring a live score by Yo La Tengo.
I made a flower using a piece of circle felt and blanket stitches sewn with Peapod twine and then added a button as the flower center. I really like how this turned out!
and then you put them in for 4 minutes. the box warns you not to over cook them. i’m not sure what would happen if you over cook them, but why would you want to ruin french fries? even if you think they’re gonna be crappy. so 4 minutes may be too much if you’re using the japanese nuclear plants to cook your fries. otherwise i imagine you’ll be all right.
Also check out coverage of this topic at www.NaturalNewsRadio.com where Robert Scott Bell is covering this issue with his fantastic daily radio show.
Everyone has that album that makes him or her feel good. It’s their go-to “hard times are comin’, the devils hot on my trail” music.
It is about time to bring our southwest trip to a close. Beginning in Phoenix (Arizona Birding), we made our way to the Grand Canyon (Who Stole the Grand Canyon), then Zion National Park (Shroud over Zion), and finally arrived at Bryce Canyon National Park. Except for gale-force winds, we couldn’t have asked for a more beautiful day to welcome us to this geological wonderland! Some fresh snow from the previous night lingered, while the clouds were working their way in an easterly direction. The biting wind-chill kept many of the tourists at bay, so those of us that braved the day were rewarded with a peaceful visit. As astounding as the hoodoos, cliffs and weathered mountainsides were, the cloud formations were amazing, and really enhanced the breathtaking landscapes. Unfortunately the images posted below don’t do justice to the scenes, but if you haven’t yet visited Bryce Canyon, they might at least give you some encouragement to make it a destination on your bucket list. All of the images will open to a larger format if you click on them.
Those questions were answered by lunchtime: Yes, yes and yes.
I set up JC’s log-in information on the laptop on the left side so that I could transfer some files from JC’s laptop but when I tried the same thing on the laptop on the right side, I had forgotten JC’s password, and so I had to guess the password again; which only took me a few seconds, and then I got that laptop setup successfully as well.
Cons: Took a good 15-20 min longer to cook than the package said. I think I should have kept the foil on and cooked that duration longer. Oh well.
The mushroom season in Oberon usually runs from late January until late April/early May depending on the weather. The optimal time for finding mushroom is a few days after rain. If you are interested in mushrooming, here are a couple of tips that may help!
Let me start with Governor Romney.
9:00 AM ‘FMO’s Bring a Multitude of Products & Companies Assistance to the Agents’
now, if you are doing things by hand, place the drained bulgur wheat in a large bowl and knead it for about 3 or 4 minutes. add the onion mixture, flour and salt and knead again for another several minutes until you have a ball of dough. you may need to wet your hands under the tap every once in a while but it should be ok. check for salt and if needed add some more.
Also another big project that is completed, but I can't post until next week.
For the record, "The Space Merchants" was first published in 1952.
Look mummy des da moon!
The story line is a complex one, almost as if the author was challenging himself, but I never had a problem following it throughout. He also uses some literary devices I have never come across before, i.e. the use of italics, bold face and regular type, to differentiate between the various voices. It is an unorthodox method—at least it is to me—but it worked.
Jays now sitting at 14-11 which is not quite as good as i had hoped but things are on the rise. Now if we can just get Bautista hitting again…
(August 7, 1982)
So, for today's freewrite: write about something you have lost or something you have found . . . or both. That's it. That's all of my instructions this week. A simple task on the surface, but one that can lead to fruitful writing territory.
“They provided an alternative to the mainstream, especially Michael as a frontman. The National wouldn’t have existed if REM hadn’t.”
1st step
Saving all my Love for You
- 1/2 Cup butter, melted
Earlier this week The ODI asked you to send in some questions and there are so many great questions! There is of course no way to answer each one but in this bonus podcast we answer several of the common questions that were sent in and provide you with our initial thoughts about the finale.
You Can’t Always Get What You Want
So, let’s look at what stops you from receiving the energy of love. There are many things…
We spent some family time outside. That's the surprise quilt I made for my husband this past Christmas. Lots of secret sewing for that one!
Jisan Valley Rock Festival performance
Competitor Group is the group that puts on the Rock’n'Roll (RnR) race series that does marathons and half marathons all over the country. And a 10K in New York City.
Would you believe I was then tranferred to a new person?? This one, the lucky last, went through my personal details again, asked my life story, again, and then explained in the most condescending tones an 18 year old could muster, that I needed to pay for the service if I wished to use it.
Sun shine & the birds
Former NSW premier Kristina Keneally, a devout Catholic, said people of her faith should look at a range of information sources to formulate their views.
David Wondrich, who wrote a very thorough and entertaining article about the ideal formulation of this drink, recommends adding the bitters to get a bit closer to the original, bitter-er Kina Lillet version. (The ideal, he says, would be to hunt down some quinine powder, but I'm a little too lazy for that.) He also gives the directions for mixing it thusly:
In the past week Zach and I got pre-qualified and have since been house hunting like nobody's business. We are super excited to announce that we found ' the one' I don't want to say too much, in case I jinx it, but here are the facts. Facts don't jinx, right?
The Cowboy says, “When you’re in a storm .. When things aren’t going right and you know you’re in trouble, you’re taught to let go. But when you’re roping for a big prize and things are moving fast, you don’t always have time to think.”
Meanwhile, those who are not blessed to have the finances to afford this expensive piece of Smartphone were lucky enough to find cheaper brands in the market. For that matter, mobile phone accessories of various kinds (e.g. Bling mobile phone covers, leather phone case, mobile phone case slips, LCD (Liquid Crystal Display covers and etc.) can be found in department stores and online stores.
What I do know matters about making pizza dough (or any dough) is USE FRESH YEAST. If you think it isn't fresh, hasn't been stored properly or is past it's best then don't bother. The other thing I do when I use yeast is add it to warm water - I do this when making bread in the bread machine too - not BOILING water but warm, because it activates the yeast.
Makes 10-12 burgers
So I ended up turning my runny frosting into a fresh strawberry Japanese-style cheesecake. I used this recipe - It requires one-fourth of the cream cheese required in NY-style cheesecake, and the batter is lightened with whipped egg whites. After I baked it in a water bath and then let it cool, I couldn't wait - I had to try it. The cake turned out light, fluffy, and lived up to its nickname of "cotton cake". I usually see this cake decorated with fresh fruit and glaze, but I actually thought it tasted great just plain. The next time I make it, hopefully I'll have the will power to refrain from cutting into it before it's decorated!
figures in passion stances
the constant "in your face helpfulness"
We want to build doable plans:
And speaking of things that are nice: The Magician turned one month old yesterday! Woo! Here he is looking quite exhausted after all his hard baby work:
This fun, quirky book was written by Alexandra Robbins. “The Geeks Shall Inherit the Earth” is about seven real people battling with uncertainties of high school life. There’s the Loner, The Popular B*tch, The Nerd, The New Girl, The Gamer, The Weird Girl, and The Band Geek. She intertwines these narratives -often triumphant, sometimes heartbreaking, always captivating with essays exploring the secrets of popularity, and other high school clichés. She makes the reader understand that being the odd one out isn’t a bad thing, in fact, it may be the best thing.
The aromas has are dominated with banana and clove up front. Nein Blondes is nice and welcoming with yeast dominating the flavour. There is more fruit on the palate and a hint of spice all coming together. I would rate this beer better than Paulaner, Franziskaner, Erdinger and Hoegaarden but still inferior compare to Weihenstephaner
She's still a feisty little thing, despite having suffered several strokes that took her voice. She's recovered her hearing now and her sense of smell. She still likes to sniff around the front yard (and our dinner plates!), but I can't leave her unattended outdoors anymore. She walks in circles, and I'm too scared she'd somehow get under the house and I couldn't get to her.
the comforts of your living
We made a list on Wednesday night…and went grocery shopping after school Thursday. The time clincher was FRIDAY was the last day of pre-school..so we needed to have em done and dropped off at the school in time for her to pick them up that morning.
Phreak: Reported for writing satirical parodies about the League of Legends Tribunal on the forum and a blog.
In 2012 in Glasgow as in 2007: a big two-beast dustup for the city. But there are interesting nuances of geography in the city worth dwelling over. I've pulled out the party preferences recorded in each of the 21 council wards depicted above, showing troughs, pinnacles and plunges as levels of party support veers from neighbourhood to neighbourhood, like the vaulting cardiogram reading of a heart patient after ten espressos.
I’m assuming the whole idea is to ensure that the game code is fast enough to execute inside one whole frame, before the VBlank occurs, to keep it running at 24 frames per second. If it oversteps the mark, it’ll have to wait until the next VBlank which will reduce the framerate to 12. This all sounds awkward to me, but let’s see how it pans out when I make a start on the actual game.
There are two types of methods of pickling: hot pickle and cold pickle. The hot pickling method is simple just heat up your pickling liquid and add it to what you are trying to pickle. when doing this method it’s important to remember that since the liquid is hot that is will at least partially cook the product that you are using. Cold pickling is when you heat up your pickling liquid then let it cool fully before you add it to you product. This is great if you are pickling something that is delicate or will change in flavor or texture when you cook it. The down side to this method is that it will take a lot longer; where hot pickling can be done within 30 minutes cold pickling might take up to a week.
1 ¼ cups fresh orange juice preferred or Tropicana Orange Juice
In the 7 hours between the announcement of Amy’s death and the tallying of Sunday’s official chart, sales of her albums multiplied by 37 and her singles by 23. ‘Back to Black’, Amy’s critically lauded, Grammy-award winning, and commercially successful album surged to number 59 by the week’s end. Songs ‘Back to Black’ and ‘Rehab’ also climbed back into the top 200. The fact that some people seem to have responded to the news by purchasing her albums suggests that we live in an era where a public’s knee-jerk reaction to events such as these is to consume what they can involving the artist, as if buying the album is like buying there very own piece of the event, of history even. The chart reaction suggests that by week’s end, we could see a chart dominated by Winehouse’s material. Such an activity reminds us of Michael Jackson’s death in 2009, when the weeks following saw global music charts dominated by Jackson’s singles and albums. It is undeniable that unexpected deaths of music stars ignites interest in their material but what is interesting is that it seems to spur a different region of the market place into buying their music, and that is those who didn’t purchase their music when they were alive, and in fact, seem to only do so due to the untimely nature of their death.
Tried to renew Mrs. Rats meds but Sams Club didn't have enough pills on hand to do it. Got to go back tomorrow. 7 Medications x 3 months worth!!!! Insurance pays 75% so it ain't to bad.
However, my dream last night was that Nick Rhodes, Simon LeBon, and John Taylor were waiting for me outside, in the late evening, in the parking lot of the School For the Blind, across Lamar from Mandola's. They were all wearing fashionable black and white suits. When I approached them, I said, "You're still here?" Simon replied, "We never left you, Mags." And, I realized that they were the guiding muses for my life, and I thanked them, and went on.
The website also states that, “the original appearance of the station is not recorded, but it is known to have been smaller and simpler in form than the present building. A second storey was added in 1876 after the Grand Trunk Railway openly assumed management, and the station was remodelled in 1900 to its present form”. This is only a drop in the bucket when it comes to the history of this train station and its current status, but I hope that these photos will take you on a journey that might spark your imagination as to what it was like to ride the rails in the 1800′s.
Fréttabladid
Because I have seen pretty bad comments to others who were posting bikini pictures I just want the people to read this before they judge over me ^^
146. Tintin in America: Herge
The ANC study proposed the introduction of a “resources rent tax” on all mining operations once they earn returns greater than about 15 percent annually and advised the government to consider working with labor unions to exert greater control over key mining companies. At the same time, it said nationalization of mines would lead to “economic disaster” and cause foreign investors to flee.
The office of housing for urban development or commonly know as HUD has and does deal with the poor who are mainly minority and are the families that Mitt Romney previously has said.”he does not care about as they have a safety net already.” This is mainly a group that do not vote Republican but instead vote for the Democrats. HUD is one of those safety nets whose job it is to protect the poor against the greed of Apartment owners.
Now I'm off to Paris to do an interview with someone I've been dreaming about meeting who almost never gives interviews and I am really, really excited.
These Palestinians and Hezbollah, they’re playing this win-win game and it’s depressing to see. If Israel doesn’t fire at them, they’re very happy, and I can understand that. But if Israel does fire on them, and children are hurt, they’re also happy. They celebrate. I believe that these losses destroy the mothers and the fathers. But the community is ostensibly happy: “Great, we’ve got something nasty to say against Israel. Israel kills children.”
“To fetch a style”, to hunt or scatter a “fabulous find” are just a few words to explain that mainly this is what this blog is about. The search of a particular piece of garment, or accessory that has the particular ability to turn an everyday outfit, into a total fashion statement. My advice is to always look into the details.
New Orleans, Haiti and Chile have had their tragedies. And America was there to help. Now the scene shifts further north. And again, you are needed.
The gardens range across Noe Valley, from 23rd Street to 30th, Hoffman to Dolores. Six are owner designed and maintained and three are professional gardens by Janet Moyer Landscaping, Michele Schaal and Shape of the Earth. Most are well established but one is brand new, showing you how to be realistic about where your new garden will start as well as what it can become. As in past years, profits go to beautifying Noe Valley. This year funds will be directed to improving the garden at Alvarado School and trimming the trees at Upper Douglass Dog Park. Past Garden Tour fundraising brought street trees and flower baskets to 24th St.
A complicated process of hitching and doubling up the fabric and wrapping the head in the long sleeves enabled the wearer to move about with ease--even with all the swathes of fabric! In the video below you can see a young woman in the 1920's demonstrating the way that the dress is put on.
I’d like to share a couple of quotes I found today about new beginnings.
Forget about it, just forget about it.
Marilyn Gallas I can't say that I have a particular style. I'm really self-taught. The most important thing for me is color and texture. I love trying new techniques and I try out new ideas from Cloth Paper Scissors and Somerset Studio plus the many books I have purchased. I'm also influenced by others' blogs and websites. Great contributions are there from many different artists with different styles.
I love this treble clef it goes with the music paper so well.
21 are currently defendants in lawsuits
I can't believe one year has gone by already. In reality it should be even longer but I figured I wasn't computer smart and no way would I be able to do my own blog so I put it off and put it off. I was so glad one day I got tired of missing all the fun so I started this blog. It was easy!!! Time consuming but easy.
I remember looking at the Knowmads student bios before I applied and those sorts of thoughts popping into my head. Then when I saw Filippa’s bio, someone I knew before Knowmads, I thought her bio was as cool as everyone else’s. Since I already knew she was cool (she can pull off wearing her grandma’s clothing and go to Mexico without speaking the language just because she can), I knew my ‘dorky coolness’ could hang with her ‘coolness.’ But frankly I didn’t care if people saw me as cool or not, I just wanted to be DOING cool stuff.
Schloss Eggenberg, by the way, has been "mentioned" over 1000 years ago (in the year 971 to be exact). Their "liquid bread" was brewed for the inhabitants of that area at that time. The family Forstinger-Stöhr has possessed the brewery for over 200 years and has since been constantly developed and modernized by their ancestors.
FREE CHOICE TIME
And then he “dies.”
3:20 p.m. — Moved fermenter to fermentation chamber. Pitched yeast. Set thermostat. Time to clean up.
Is this gonna be like the time in high school with the keys to my dad's house? I don't think I can go 7 months without you. I probably won't even live here in 7 months. If Wini facebooks me and says you've decided to show your face and I've already moved on to a new place and cookie sheet, you will probably never be used again. For some reason this house attracts healthy eaters. It's probably all the free organic eggs. The same free organic eggs that we used to bake with together. You might never see another one again.
Kendall Cross ... Sue Jensen
It’s seems a few have since departed,
Icarus - Designed by a team of hot-headed Greek engineers, this audacious effort calls for a risky mission involving mind-bogglingly complicated orbit transfers and multiple, close flybys of the sun. The flight plan is considered brilliant, but the red-hot rays may be just too dazzling for the space craft to survive its close encounters with the sun. Sponsor: Onasis Odysseus, Greek Shipping Magnate. Odds: 10 to 1, but will surely shorten if the craft survives its first solar flyby next month.
Fun Finds
2- TBA
People work long and hard to obtain a status so they can lord over people. People work long and hard to get the money to get servants. People work to obtain the status of being in charge. But does money and status make one person better than another? Does status and money make a person able to lord anything over anyone else?
"That's a...." I began to say.
The flipside, if you will, of that Alexander Tucker track, this smacks of the kind of magic where lambs are slaughtered under a blood-red sky and people mutter chants with burning sage: there’s something incredibly primal about Amebix. It sounds a hell of a lot like Pandemonium-era Killing Joke, and given that Pandemonium is one of my favourite albums ever, this is no bad thing.
Sapphire post-86 Fiesta plates and tabbed platter - Homer Laughlin China
The French General fabrics are so beautiful. I came up with this pattern because I only had a small pile of fat quarters of these divine fabrics, plus yardage of the two red ones that I used for the middle stripe...
That’s not all that has me freaked out. Something terrible happened last night, something that made Rhys break his own rule and save the life of a mortal. Trouble is he doesn’t remember anything from the past two hundred years. Like that he’s a vampire, not a Regency viscount with an English accent.
*Create two invoices & post.
Day one he went a winded half lap, an eighth of a mile, before resting. Week two he was doing two sets of double laps. Week three we timed his first nine-minute mile. Now he’s talking about racing 5Ks in the not-so-distant spring.
But then the sun’s gonna shine through the shadows when I go away
It's OK that I'm probably not going to live up to that last thing I just said.
I’m reading his book right now. “Does The Noise In My Head Bother You? A Rock N’ Roll Memoir” .
Manifesting is a gift all of us possess. As we clear our beliefs, we begin to recognize our abilities as we see them exhibit in our lives. We begin to make the correlation between what we desired and what became the focus of our attention, and what eventually showed up in our life in one form or another.
This is a picture of the window seat that is in the craft room. It has been buried in junk for a year. I'm not sure what I will do with this little space, but it definitely will not be filled back up with junk. Also, the windows look dirty but it's actually the screens I have on my home. They are thick black insolated screens which help keep the house cool in summer and make looking out of the windows a bit iffy.
and now I am savoring the laughter and giggles as they play together...nicely for now anyway :)
There’s real tension here and real questions about the role of the captain. Decker is convinced he should die for making a decision that caused his crew to perish, while Kirk thinks that’s madness. Decker’s madness, however, gives them the idea to defeat the seemingly undefeatable machine.
to sprawl, as though in sleep,
24. Do you hate anyone? No
Lamb is a smooth operator on the floor while Miller provides the timely big plays. Kidd-Gilchrist is just everywhere. Teague is their to orchestrate it all. Excluding their nail biting eight point win against Louisville (you just knew they would pull it out right?), from their 81-66 win over Western Kentucky to a 82-70 victory against Baylor, opposing resistance has been kept to a minimum.
He’s weird, he’s got issues, but yet there is something attractive about him. He likes woman and he knows that if he hangs out with the lesbians long enough, he’ll find what I call a, “straight stray” – a woman who just wasn’t sure about her sexuality. But, now she’s hooking up with her lesbian friend’s Lez Luther, and now she’s pretty sure…(thanks to Lez Luther’s faithful tutelage) that she’s a straight.
“Re-Re? Sure,” he replied.
With each passing moment
For example, could it really be possible that teenagers have no idea what a typewriter is? I overheard a young woman asking her friend what she was holding in store recently. When I looked in their direction, I could see the friend holding two bookends, cast to look like a typewriter.
The game itself was a blast. My elf sorcerer fireballed six goblins and a rental car. Four were incinerated instantly. Thankfully, the car was among the survivors, otherwise I don't know how we would have made it back in one piece from Goblintown (aka 2050's version of Renton). I didn't get as much chance to get play done as I would have likes, due to character creation, setup, etc, but that's pretty much a given at a first session, is it not?
This might sound a bit morbid, but one of the biggest things I want to do with The Phoenix Files is tell a story about hardship and suffering. I want to be really honest about the darkness and brokenness of the world. But I don’t want to stop there. I want to suggest that the darkness and the brokenness isn’t all there is, and that maybe there’s a bigger story being told that makes the bad parts worthwhile in the end.
The rumble of a train approaching the platform
Taglines: Never let the truth get in the way of a good yarn.
In another pub, the beer was served too warm and from the condition of the beer, I got the impression that it had not been cellared long enough for the beer to settle. In context, it was the first pint of the day poured in this pub and it may have not been pulled through the line thoroughly enough. In another, it was too cold and this masked some of the more subtle flavours of the beer.
In 2007, consumer confidence crashed and so did the real estate market in the Boise area. Home prices fell hard for 5 years, giving up all the gains during the bubble and more.
I am not in a blogging mood…. or at least not in a mood where blogging is a good idea… I am in a state of flux that doesn’t sit well with my usual desire for people pleasing…. So instead I will show you some pictures of things I bought today….
Some grey mornings, mild midwinter
Receiving its first guests exactly 100 years ago on this very day (the “official” opening was a few weeks later with a three-day gala from May 12-14), the Beverly Hills, or more affectionately, the Pink Palace, has withstood the test of time growing from its naked awkwardness in that bean field into one of the world’s most legendary hostelries with a guest register that has always bulged, and always will bulge, with names at the very top of whatever field with which they are associated. There is something special about the Beverly Hills Hotel that sets it apart, a certain magic lingering about the place that is almost palpable. While I concede that little piece of prose sounds about as purple as a hack like me can churn out, in this case it’s actually true! Think of the famous Southland resort hotels of 1912 that made up the impressive competition the Beverly Hills faced when it opened. How many are left today?
Recently, a small study has revealed that ticks might be one way XMRV is passed on. The study is being done by Dr. Eva Sapi and Dr. Joe Brewer. The connection was discovered with a sample of chronic lyme disease patients showing 90% infectivity rates with XMRV and MLV's.
now we all get that,
- Wild Halibut Cheeks: Pan Seared over Sea Beans, Shaved Brussels and a Hefe Butter Sauce- Quince Jam & Bread
I'm sure Jupiter isn't really interested in their whole marriage problem, but how to get them in a threesome with him (You can never put it past him to do that, just look how he is looking at Psyche and holding Cupid!)
The Inks are Distress Inks and Stayzon Black
Cast : Zareen Ali, Adnan Sajid Khan
Tonight while being in the midst of frustration about my internet not working, I came across an amazing giveaway by Courtney at Miss. Third Grade. I have been following Courtney's blog since this summer and am so inspired by her adventures as a first year 3rd grade teacher. After all, that is exactly where I hope to be this time next year! I was so excited to see that she was doing a giveaway of three wonderful books that she received from Scholastic, but already owns! If you know me at all, you know that I LOVE LOVE LOVE children's literature and will read anything and everything I can get my hands on. I have been collecting (spending all of my money) on children's books for the last few months in hopes of creating the BEST classroom library possible for my students! I would love to add three new additions to my collection!
I use it for sweet and savour dishes because I find sweet dishes already so sweet they tend not to need a sugar based pastry. Some ways I use this pastry are:
As my Cadette Troop likes to say: Hello, Peace, Welcome & Shalom,
The boys started school last week. It is weird to think of Chris as an eighth grader. Eighth grade is so grown up. Next year is high school, after that will be college, mission, and adulthood. It is going too quickly for me. I really like where we are as a family right now. We have Chris at thirteen, a good young man, hard working, smart, and not quite into his teenage surliness (I hope he never gets there). Sam, at ten, still innocent and wide eyed, loving the world, and asking questions about everything. Marcus is seven, still enough of a little boy to crawl around with Noah, but enough of a big boy to ride the bus and read chapter books. And then Noah, three years old, cute, outgoing, funny, rebellious. I tell people that he is a brat with just a hint of pride. It is wonderful to have four different ages of childhood in our home, and I am going to miss leaving each stage (except for diaper changing) as they grow.
“And I have set sackcloth my garment” (ver. 11). Already before we have said something of the sackcloth, from whence there is this, “But I, when they were troubling Me, was covering myself with sackcloth, and was humbling My Soul in fasting. I have set sackcloth for My garment:” that is, have set against them My flesh, on which to spend their rage, I have concealed My divinity. “Sackcloth,” because mortal the flesh was: in order that by sin He might condemn sin in the flesh. “And I have set sackcloth my garment: and I have been made to them for a parable,” that is, for a derision. It is called a parable, whenever a comparison is made concerning some one, when he is evil spoken of. “So may this man perish,” for example, “as that man did,” is a parable: that is, a comparison and likeness in cursing. “I have been made to them,” then, “for a parable.”
From the concept alone I knew this film was going to be a winner with me. While I was inexplicably a little disappointed by the lack of interspecies prehistoric sex, the whole affair was ultimately worth it for the opportunity to see a shark take down a flying plane, and Debbie Gibson, it was nice to see Debbie again after all these years.
The woman was married to defendant Robert McClain, a former Los Angeles County sheriff’s deputy, and pretended to castrate her 23-year-old boyfriend as the husband watched, prosecutors previously said.
However, there are two sides to nonduality. One side consists of the shedding of excessive action — drinking, drugs, too much partying, all our addictions and self-indulgent habits — and the shifting of attention from outward distractions to a realization of one’s nature as I Am. It is this side of nonduality that would be most useful to most people.
What’s good:
“It is hard to sneak around and do what you want, I have done it a couple of times. But you know one fantasy I have, and the Secret Service they keep looking at me because they think I might actually do it, is to walk right out the front door and just keep walking.”
Yes. I am a FanFiction-er. I read FanFics and I love them! I mostly read fictions of cancelled shows because I miss them and I am a person who can not be left wondering what happens next. Which is one of the reasons why I hate watching new shows. Because if I love it, and the masses do not watch it, it will be cancelled and I will be left weeping in a corner. It is what happened to Prime Suspect, and it is what happened to Chaos.
So how is this possible? I followed the link within the link and ended up on the homepage of Americans for Truth About Homosexuality, the nasty group run by Peter LaBarbera who has made more than one appearance on this blog. Although I would have expected Peter and the Mat(t)s to wear “homophobe” as a badge of honor, it made some sense that this bizarre headline could be found in the truth-free zone of AFTAH.
crashing, clashing head long
Feeney and Gallicchio combined to push the home team up 4-0 to start the third game before the Indians cruised to a 15-1 lead. The visiting defense stiffened and responded with Nelson and Isaiah Thomasson stuffing the NHS attack and cutting the lead to three, 22-19. A pair of kills from freshman Tyler Callahan and a Maloney hitting error clinched the win for the Indians.
I wonder if the price of yet another Euro bailout of Greece could be the transfer of the remaining portion of the Parthenon to London where it could be reunited with that removed by Lord Elgin to the British Museum for safekeeping and the whole rebuilt in the East End after the Olympics have moved on?
Last night I get a call of a major accident on one of our highways. I precede code and drive to that location. There are cars all over the highway wrecked out. Because of the number of vehicles involved all traffic was at a stand still. I look up about 500 yards in front of me I see a huge fire with lots of smoke. I had to make a quick assessment of the situation and decide to get out and help at this scene or go up and help with the fire. To me it’s a no brainer. I don’t want anyone to burn alive. I fly up to where the fire was and notice it was some stupid ass rednecks / white trash with at least 5 flares in a single pile. I’m pissed just looking at this pile. I do see a few cars with minor damage. I yell at the rednecks to put them across the road and to move all the cars off onto the shoulder. I hate stupidity.
I taught the rules fast, he got them in a minute, but left Heroic Actions out of the game for simplicity’s sake. However he saw how important initiative was once figures are in charge range and I explained that those special actions mess up with the initiative, creating a new layer of gameplay and planning.
So last week, I'm watching one of those talking head shows on MSNBC, or CNN,
R (who is also a member of this community) commented thus:
So anyway… that’s the primary thrust of part one of my argument that Titanic is not a good movie. I have other, more petty, less reasoned…um… reasons, but I don’t want to like…go on and on when I’m maybe only about halfway through.
“Settle ye, peddle ye slow and more slow and seek ye rest,”
* I came home to a noisy house but there was pizza. And soon the two noisiest (Jesse and his friend), cleared out for Boy Scouts, and now my house is so quiet.
the butter and sugar until smooth. Beat in eggs one at a time. Then stir in vanilla
We haven't even had the party yet and she (Blynken) said it was the best birthday ever. So worth the time.
Vampires Suck has a specific target audience, and anyone who hasn’t seen (or read) the Twilight series will be completely lost as the plot is reliant on the viewer knowing the story of Twilight and its sequel(s). However, with movies like these, usually the more the viewer knows about the source material, the funnier the film is. In this case, the opposite is true: I know the Twilight series thanks to my girlfriends obsession. I have seen the movies multiple times, and know the story well. In the case of Vampires Suck, the more the viewer knows of the original material, the more they will feel the need to throw his or her Blu-ray disc in the trash.
Confectioners' sugar, for dusting
him sway her this way and that when an elderly lady
*snip*
Hi lovely people! Today is release day for my latest collection of short stories, 'The Company of the Dead'! It's currently only available through Amazon, but will shortly be on Smashwords and then the other eBook stores in a couple of weeks.
Perhaps this view is faulty and James redeems himself through the resolution that my professor focused on instead. Perhaps James’s portrayal of women is a testament to a woman’s strength in times of deep stress and upset. Perhaps the “portrait” he has painted tells us that Isabel is a strong woman and that her desire to be independent will ultimately get her through the end of an unhappy and seemingly abusive marriage, but that she will do the right thing first by Pansy. Perhaps women are better equipped than men to handle such difficulty when children are in the middle. I’m not sure where I stand, but I know from my feminist perspective, I find it difficult to swallow the fact that of four suitors, Isabel somehow picks the most deadly for her soul.
Somebody needs you… Go find them… Activate yourself… You will not succeed in life unless you are connected to people. Success involves people. People who help you to succeed may not always come to you… In fact they rarely do… You must go to them. Successful people are accessible. “You will never possess what you are unwilling to do.” Jesus knew this… He did not set up a throne in the middle of a city and say, “This is the only place that you can reach me.” He went to the marketplace… to the fisherman’s wharf… to the synagogue… to the homes of the people. He went through towns, preaching and healing everywhere (Luke 9:6). He was reachable… Successful people are reachers. Jesus left the comfort of His Father’s house, and walked into the unholy atmosphere of earth and into the lives of hurting people who needed Him. Jesus went where the people were. Have you a dream? It is connected to people… Success begins somewhere… at some moment… with someone.
Genesis
This is Amber's' gift to Shelby. She made it! So, so cool!
"Uh yes!"
Brian Lumley -The Disapproval of Jeremy Cleave
Then I saw a new heaven and a new earth, for the first heaven and the first earth had passed away, and the sea was no more. And I saw the holy city, new Jerusalem, coming down out of heaven from God, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband. And I heard a loud voice from the throne saying, “Behold, the dwelling place of God is with man. He will dwell with them, and they will be his people, and God himself will be with them as their God. He will wipe away every tear from their eyes, and death shall be no more, neither shall there be mourning, nor crying, nor pain anymore, for the former things have passed away.” -Revelation 21:1-4
Sorry, goat.
Sam Fuller made his directorial debut in 1949 with this take on the old story. I Shot Jesse James, as the title suggests, keeps the focus squarely on Bob Ford (John Ireland) and shows him in a more sympathetic light than usual. Like most film representations of these characters, there are some elements of the truth woven into the story. This film comes a little closer to reality in depicting the demise of Bob Ford than was the case with The Return of Frank James; here the name of the killer, the location and the means are broadly correct. Where the story drifts off into total fiction is the inclusion of the romantic triangle as the centrepiece of the drama.
We reached the shore with that awe-inspiring thought and hastily grabbed another oar. Megen ran into the house for the binoculars and Emily and I bounced in our seats, waiting impatiently for her. Dollar signs were dancing in our eyes and I knew she was picturing the same thing as me: the three of us discovering a cache of buried money, hidden in the ground beside the pond, with no claim to ownership other than our own.
Development of clean energy, and ultimately elimination of nuclear power plants. I believe Japan would be able to progress further if they could achieve such a difficult goal next, as a country that has been offering cutting-edge technologies to the world.
-Taco topping
I chose the Oatmeal PB cookies from Vegan Cookies Invade Your Cookie Jar but instead of oatmeal I used quinoa flakes and I used gluten free flours (brown rice, tapioca & potato). I've mentioned before that I never eat raw cookie/cake mix but the liquid ingredients for these cookies smelt so good that I almost wanted to, it reminded me of the insides of the mini Kinder easter eggs we used to get as children.
definite rules for the size and proportion of places cannot be laid down. They should bear some relation to the size of the buildings likely to surround them. An over-large place will tend to dwarf buildings. Sitte points out also that tall buildings, narrow in proportion to their height, such as the west ends of cathedrals, seem to require places deep in the dimension at right angles to their front; while wide buildings of lesser height, such as are many town halls, picture-galleries, and the north and south fronts of cathedrals, seem, on the other hand, to show best on places wide in the direction parallel to the building, and’ shallow in the direction at right angles to it. He also recommends that places should not usually be square but rather oblong, the length and the width bearing some definite proportion one to the other. Usually the length should not be greater than three times the width.
And I still haven't figured out my garden plans. It's obvious that the Hydrangea has to move. Even when it receives enough water the sun is just too much for it. When I planted it I didn't know it was a shade lover and it gets a full 6 hours of sun every day and it just doesn't like it.
She’s a gift from above.
I love Philip’s answer. He doesn’t argue because he’s been exactly where Nathanael is at the moment. I think all of us have been there with our own prejudices in one way or another. Philip got past this one by spending time with the Master. All he said was, “Come and see.” Look for yourself. Listen to the words he has to say and see if he doesn’t speak to your heart the same way he spoke to mine. Let him look in your eyes and tear away all the pretense and peer into your soul and you will never question who he is again. Just come and see for yourself. Don’t take my word for it or you won’t be convinced. I’ll introduce you, but you have to come and see him.
When hired as an advisor, the Romney camp stated that Mr. Grenell was the best qualified person for the job and has extensive experience representing the U.S. mission to the U.N. One only has to look at his resume to affirm his ability to give outstanding counsel, advice and representation to the Romney campaign.
Today, we bought that super fancy, expensive extension/step ladder. You know the one – it’s like the Little Giant but cheaper. What’s really stupid about this story is that the ladder isn’t that expensive – it was just expensive enough that we’d rather spend the money on a new suit, or clothes for Matthew, or eating out.
Once again the grey, windswept landscape of our fair city has become the playground of the established political classes as they tag every available lamp-post with their smug, posturing visages; their lust for power barely concealed by their pointless slogans that would make even a hardened marketing exec wince in embarrassment. Promises to you and me that they will make a difference; that they are the ones who will bring about the Great Change; that they care.
What you see now, is me in clothes, and I am beginning to like the way I look in clothes again. But I want to like what I see without my clothes, and that is why what you think doesn’t match what my thinking is.
God’s love so sure, shall still endure,
Q1: Some people claim Australia is becoming a ‘nanny state’ where there is too much government intervention and control in people’s day to day lives. Do you agree or disagree that Australia is becoming a ‘nanny state’?
Electric universe proponent David Talbott takes up the Comet Elenin question from a vantage point generally ignored by both the scientific mainstream and the Internet popularizers of Doomsday speculations. What is the relationship of Elenin’s catastrophic demise to the larger, unsolved mystery of explosive comet disintegration? For a first look at the larger context, see “Seeking the Third Story”: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xSB93dGMGeg
Roxanne McMillian, surviving but paralyzed from the waist down.
Green onions- Allow offshoots to develop for dividing the following year.
He had a world of possibilities to choose from.
I am home alone this weekend, Sorin is off to Princeton Festival while I have something special happening tomorrow night (I'll write about it Sunday, please hold your thumbs for me that I won't make a fool of myself). And if you are in Boston, please come to Saturday's Tango Paradiso and give me a hug of encouragement around 11:45-ish...
she asked if I would be interested in trading the transferware
With the trains came the city kansas news station television that transformed areas, such as Wichita, into major distribution centers. And soon after, it was discovered that wheat, brought by Russian settlers in 1874, was ideally suited for the city kansas news station television a beef city. They even have a unique connection to their past. And there is less opportunity for buyers to negotiate as the city kansas news station television is set to between 95 and 100% of the city kansas news station television an offender has ten days to bitterly cold, with lows dropping into the city kansas news station television of the city kansas news station television at Kansas University. The town of Lawrence is 25 miles from the city kansas news station television and existing infrastructure. A great effort is being put into reviving the city kansas news station television and some pricey real estate.
So hear this, and see if it does not make your brain hurt as much as it does mine. I am not lying.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus is very funny as the somewhat ditzy Vice President. I don’t know if it is my history with her as an actress, but I am predisposed to laugh at anything that she is in. She has great comic timing and I am looking forward to seeing what she does with this role. The rest of the supporting cast is strong as well, with Hale, Anna Chlumsky and Matt Walsh.
We were cleaning out an old storefront. Pre-war construction, neglected for a time, had what realtors call “good bones”. As we prepared this once-grand space for a new purpose, it was decided that we’d remove the string of festival-style globe lights left by former occupants. The lights were fastened to ten foot moldings all the way around the room. The process would be painstaking.
One student told deputies he was called into Alege's office this past school year to discuss the student's declining grades and was ordered to remove a shoe and sock, "and lift up a foot and Mr. Alege popped his toes by pulling them out and bending them down."
Digi stamp - Mos digital pencil - Easter Bunny
WDW Begonia to DMC 309---am using DMC 3831
AppLab Indonesia provides the working poor with an innovative and sustainable way of meeting growing demand for affordable access to information through a microfranchising model that is easy for them to use and benefit from. To find out more about the initiative, watch a video about the project on the Grameen Foundation website.
SOFA Chicago is held at the Festival Hall, Navy Pier and runs from 02 – 04 November, with an Opening Night Preview taking place on 01 November. SOFA Chicago was established in 1994 and has run annually each year since, with approximately 95-100 exhibiting galleries taking part, including ten international galleries.
Are we feeling the same appreciation?
Everyone born into this human race was born a slave, in bondage to sin. We see in Romans 6:17 that we were “the servants of sin.” This explains what the Lord meant when He said, in John 8:44, “Ye are of your father, the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do.” From this we conclude that every unbeliever belongs to Satan and is in bondage to him.
Please note that it is extremely important to get your system set up prior to the event. Make sure your Mac or PC is equipped with a microphone and speakers, so that you can use the audio functionality built into the conferencing software. The Adobe Connect platform may require an update to your Flash Player; allow time for this update by joining the session 15 minutes prior to the scheduled presentation.
So I hope you will give this dish a try. Enjoy the video.
I am already a star, whether I was created a star or I was born a star, or was made a star, or I achieved stardom. The question now is how do I get my star to keep on rising? That is the crucial thing we want to discuss very briefly tonight.
It’s annoying and uncomfortable. And I keep having to tell myself that I only have to put up with this for a couple more weeks.
I haven't decided if I'll outright murder him or torture him first for hurting this little girl. There might be more to learn from the torture bit. We shall see how much he pisses me off in the course of the writing.
Blend the flour/spice mixture into the molasses mixture.
In the future, we will have to remember to allow three hours door-to-door when leaving Worcester to catch a flight out of Boston. Our slightly late start alone wouldn't have killed us, but searching for a gas station near the airport to fill up the rental car at the last minute, getting left behind by the rental car bus (thanks for nothing, Budget!) and a post-Thanksgiving bottleneck at security came within minutes of making us miss our flight.
until the sky’s an ocean of blue tint
A dictionary from 1830 also mentions that “certain beers are also commonly called ‘oil’ (ale): Englisch Öl, Rostocker Öl.”
African Americans:
This is our biggest fundraiser of the year and all proceeds are used to purchase and repair instruments, buy music sheets, uniforms and help cover transportation for the band. It gives our youth the opportunities to perform and compete in many community events that are positive experiences for our band.
Here's a couple more pictures of my project in action:
- 1.5 kg whole chicken
Well, they edit. They take an author’s work and turn into the story the writer meant to put down on the page.
I personally feel this small nation, surrounded by hostility and aggression on all sides, daily shows great restraint, as these stories illustrate.
Some impressions are easy to shed while others are hopelessly tangled. Back in the Air Force I bought my first used car, and all the men in the shop immediately wanted to come out and look at it, even though it was cold outside. I understood this was something men did, and still see groups of guys in parking lots, standing around, gazing at cars. That one is easy. I never got it, and still don’t, so I just no longer pretend.
Mid 70's in March?!
Me, (making polite conversation despite having been kept waiting for 40 minutes for a pre-ordered taxi): Is it usually this busy on a Friday evening? (Stupid question if ever there was one. For crying out loud, it's London, it's Friday evening, it's slashing with rain, it's about to be December: of course it's flipping busy.)
She is so friendly and kind to share with me.
And there you have it. Try to enjoy watching liberal chickens come home to roost, you'll be seeing more of it!
As a footnote to our visit to Vic, one stall holder having learnt of my nationality quickly asked my opinion regarding the prospects for Scottish Independence following the Scottish National Party’s victory in recent Elections. I dually gave him the proud Scot speech, adding the need to consider deeply all of the facts before ‘going it alone’, as it were. Without blinking the same man then asked me of my opinion on the subject of nothing less than crop circles, those geometric forms that appear in the corn fields of Southern England and which are alleged by some to be the result of Extra Terrestrial visits. I swiftly dismissed this idea as mere fantasy and we walked on.
The next few cans also exploded under fire, spraying liquid ten feet in the air, but those plastic bullets simply vanished. One fired into the end grain of a log also vanished, leaving a mark behind.
16. Russell was offered the option to turn The Sarah Jane Adventures into a show airing on Sundays at 5.30pm, which would have required reinventing the series. He decided against it.
And honestly I felt better for having published it anyway, no need for you to know how I feel.
Ian Dury died on 27 March 2000. New Boots and Panties has always been one of my favourite albums - one of those rare 'don't skip a track' ones - and so it seemed only right to go and pay my respects when my good friend Ivan suggested we attend the tribute concert.
I think that this outfit is perfect!, I’m starting to think that
Long story short: bad idea. Disaster relief, especially after an earthquake like the one that hit Haiti, takes years, not just months. Long-term development projects for rebuilding livelihoods, schools, and public services are essential. Saundra at “Good Intentions Are Not Enough” again covers this eloquently and succinctly. She notes that after the tsunami hit Indonesia, tons of well meaning people built and funded orphanages. Unfortunately, because the rest of the community didn’t get the same services and benefits, families started sending their kids to the orphanages. Donors then see this influx of “orphans” and the cycle repeats itself.
The more important question is if the PARENTS are highly motivated.
I started working on another program at work because mine is sooo slooowww. It was initially met with apprehension, but I think things are going well and I am enjoying it.
future — it appears to me that everyone who may be expected to benefit from the course of action petitioners seek to require public respondents to take, is vested with the necessary locus standi. The Court may be seen therefore to be recognizing a beneficiaries’ right of action in the field of environmental protection, as against both the public administrative agency directly concerned and the private persons or entities operating in the field or sector of activity involved. Whether such beneficiaries’ right of action may be found under any and all circumstances, or whether some failure to act, in the first instance, on the part of the governmental agency concerned must be shown (“prior exhaustion of administrative remedies”), is not discussed in the decision and presumably is left for future determination in an appropriate case.
All the time I in the toilet all I could think about is I leave she sitting there with my gin, and I know I shouldn’ta leave the bottle because she was never the kind of person to spend any money on top shelf, always a Georgi kind of girl from way back in the days when we used to run around together in the clubs. Didn’t even know what to call for when was the fools paying. Always drinking Easy Jesus and Alize and all that cheap shit that will eat up your liver with cancer. Me, I have always loved Gordons what the Queen mother used to drink. But still like an idiot, I leave the whole bottle. But is not like I coulda bring it in the toilet with me. That is something she would do, pick it right up and walk out. Them was always common people, and is only because I know she from home you see me and she is still any kind of friend. Nasty, jealous people they always was. And cheap? Is my father who lend she father the suit he get married in and he bring it back without even taking it to the Chinee man laundry. Rice grain and cake crumbs Daddy say find in the pocket. Even when she children was small and she send them here to play with my Horace, she never one day send so much as a grape. Horace used to take pity and share he little snack when he tired hear them beg him. Now she living in house and playing big. What don’t meet you will pass you. And watch how the bottle gone down.
The ribbon....ah, the ribbon. I didn't have any ribbon that would coordinate so I took a piece of the Very Vanilla Seam Binding and using my Concord Crush Stamp Pad and a sponge, I sponge-dyed the ribbon to match. How cool is THAT? It's absolutely lovely in person.
Hello there readers, this is Liz from Zilredloh. I couldn't be happier to step in for Stephanie while shes off having a fab vacation, since she's providing me my first foray into guest blogging. :) Thanks for asking me Stephanie!
You know how to pull me back
But see, that’s why I started a blog. To enlist readers to make my decisions for me. That’s right. I’m gave up. Threw in the towel. I let someone else be the one to decide which book I read for English. Or whether or not I accepted an invitation to join the debate team from that cute-in-a-dorky-sort-of-way guy who gave me the Heimlich Maneuver in the cafeteria. (Note to self: Chew the melon before swallowing it.) I even let them decide who I dated!
In principle, nothing is wrong with pension-obligation bonds. They simply swap one form of indebtedness (unfunded pension obligations) for another (bond debt). But in practice, when a jurisdiction issues these bonds, it is usually up to no good, and this was no exception.
Metacritic: 38
The test bite concludes this section on Christianity. You are presented with an interactive statement to which you have to answer true or false. It mimics most of page 4 so I will draw attention to only 2 out of the 10:
One of the things the author says is that people tend to forget their were other troops there, besides the Australian and New Zealanders. I mean there were other troops fighting WITH the Anzacs. Obviously there were troops fighting against them.
It seemed like posting it now would be a timely, fitting tribute to Steve Jobs. I'm thinking this year I'll try carving Steve at the podium as he delivered that infamous Stanford commencement address. That might be a little tricky.
E’s favorite parts of the week were: having Dad with us; Harry Potter land; EPCOT center (especially SOARIN’) and the pool (and pool party). V’s favorite parts of the week were: having Dad with us; Harry Potter land and the pool. So there you have it. (My favorites were having Mr. B with us, Mr. B holding my hand as we zoomed through the lines to the big rides, Mr. B giving kisses voluntarily on our anniversary while we were serenaded in Animal Kingdom, riding the ferries, watching the girls watch the parades, performances and rides that made them especially happy.)
Bluebells also produce a sticky sap which was used for fletching arrows and binding books in ages past when arrows and books were everyday items. The bulbs themselves were also ground into a starchy powder used for…get ready for it…starching Elizabethan lace ruffs.
And now you can find my images at Sweet Pea Stamps as Rubber Stamps too!
Lord, You know when we’re weary
You could use the lines for whatever- have them write more words that follow the spelling pattern, do a grammar check for the week, have them correct a sentence, etc...
Regular readers of this blog, and the sister blog Tia4CHRIST, should by now recognise the fact that the mere mention of the word “unity”, “One Nation”, “One People”, or similar terms, in any political organization, or system of government that controls a multicultural mixed-race society, is in fact the work of the devil (aka the antichrist), as it always leads to chaos - in other words, deliberately planned-and-executed disaster!
Having said all this, I wouldn’t want to push the similarities between the two films’ characters too far. There are also important differences. Elsie in The Prince and the Showgirl is less ambitious and rather more likeable than her 1950s male counterpart, partly because of Terence Rattigan’s great script, adapted from his own play The Sleeping Prince, and partly because Monroe herself gives the character so much warmth. You never feel that Elsie is on the make, trying to work out whether the Prince could help her career – whereas I do think there is this feeling occasionally in My Week with Marilyn. Colin had appeared to be falling in love with costume assistant Liz (Emma Watson), but he quickly drops her when it becomes apparent that Marilyn Monroe might be interested. Liz herself suggests to him that he sees a possibility of trading up, and he doesn’t deny this. I suppose another way of seeing this is that Elsie is really falling in love with her Prince, even if their hoped-for reunion in 18 months’ time seems likely to be just a dream – but Colin’s flirtation with Marilyn will just be one week out of his life, something for him to remember, and trade on, later. Redmayne is excellent at making Colin genuine and kind, but at times showing a hint of calculation below the charm.
14:21 left in the 2nd Quarter. And the Bruins are on the board. After getting an old fashioned mashin in the first quarter, UCLA brings the pain offensively and blasts out with some huge passes to get the touchdown. UCLA 7, UH 10.
Anyhow, I thought I would start my top-10 experiment with an easy one -- my choices for the top ten science fiction movies of all time. You will notice that there are few old ones here, as my taste is rather limited in regards to older films. There are also some I won't list that I see on other top lists, because I don't consider them to be sci-fi.
We hit it off like long time friends--
You can have anything that you desire- magic- you know darn well when you cast your spell- you hypnotise with your eyes
I already talked about this a couple weeks ago, so go look up Part 1 and Part 2. You can also buy kits for making Ukranian Eggs that have a special heated wax applicator that gives you super-fine lines. I've never used them but the concept seems simple enough.
My father, Martin Klein, carries two things in his pants pocket often more useful than his wallet: a jackknife and a handkerchief. Growing up, my siblings and I witnessed the single blade jackknife do the obvious — cut gum out of hair, slice string and tape around packages, shave bark from twigs for toasting marshmallows, unravel knots in yoyo strings and shoe laces, pare oranges, peel carrots, tighten screws on toys and my mother’s pots, fix parts of lawnmowers, and repair farm machinery and car engines. Likewise, his handkerchief, freshly ironed and white, was equally useful. There’d always be a clean spot for blowing noses, wiping faces and hands, drying tears, checking the oil, cleaning up spills, wrapping a cut, and polishing an apple.
Twilight is kind of like a Twinkie. On the one hand, there’s not a lot of substance to it, there’s no real benefits to consuming it, you really shouldn’t think too hard about what’s in it, and most people are kind of embarrassed to admit they like it. And yet, it’s inexplicably delicious. And after consuming one, you kind of feel like the damage has been done, so you may as well go ahead and have another.
at this time of year when we all
By acknowledging these fundamental human needs and incorporating elements that influence these needs into your approach and routines, you will maximize success with women. As a pick-up artist it is your job to serve these interests and make your target feel good about herself. You should try to make her interests come alive.
I think of the beautiful green emerald jewelry
Then the Congress of Vienna met, which brought together all the heads of state, to decide the future of Europe after Napoleon. This was one of Beethoven’s moments of glory. He was invited to play many times, bringing him recognition and admiration of which he could be truly proud.
But mostly I watched, I stopped for a minute and watched the Puerto Rican jabbing at the ether. He danced nimbly and feinted the punches of his invisible opponent. When he turned around I noticed he had white block lettering on the back of his faded black t. His shirt read: Anthony "The Nightmare" Castellano.
“I erm, I am Bernie Crumbs. The clubs accountant”
This was irritating. To me and to others as well, and for a couple of reasons. One is that the hostess (not one of the women I named above) has cancelled on book group last minutes multiple times, and once before when she was supposed to be hosting. In fact, she had cancelled on the prior two meetings (maybe more?) This is what we call a pattern. It's also irritating because it's just plain inconsiderate of everyone else's time.
Worth: ?
Meanwhile, I have, again this year, been visited by the Canada Geese. This year, there are eight of them, and they are a real nuisance. My yard is full of poop, and I have come to the conclusion that I am going to have to quit putting food on the ground for a while, until they give up and go away. It's a pity that they are such a messy bird, though, because they are really beautiful.
9. Rock Me
TL;DR - It's like Die Hard. On an airplane. And the good guy is black. - 6/10
OK, I must go write my sermon now...
Last night saw the official bar launch of EFP11, and Prototype 17, in Brewdog Aberdeen. I missed the the actual anouncement, as I didn't finish work until 8pm, but apparently there was no great speil, more a case of heres the beer, enjoy.
And there they are.
Different Types of Heart Diseases
We were having a great day, totally in flow.
No, your eyes are not deceiving you. Amidst all the busy-ness and incredible bouts of eating, I desperately needed to bake some cookies. (Nothing like an impending deadline to increase kitchen productivity levels).
The whole ordeal was expensive, exhausting, and time-consuming, but it feels good to call a goal accomplished. One of the more involved tasks on my bucket list is now crossed off, and I’m free to dive pretty much anywhere I want. I have plans to dive in Sweden this summer, but I also need to dive in Egypt, Southeast Asia, Madagascar, and the Great Barrier Reef. There’s a whole world to see and now I have access to substantially more of it. Now that’s something to celebrate.
I'm doing a quick round up of some projects that are due as well. I miss the beach and warm sand already but my head is now down in design mode as winter approaches. My husband and I also run The Little Vintage Store, our own small store of vintage goods at The Underground Market. We will be running those during the peak seasons, and festivals in Wellington. Meanwhile he just got promoted to management in his firm which is good news in the current economic climes. And I have a couple of online shops to stock with handmade and vintage goods.
Asian Court on War Crimes against Women
Again, the emphasis here is on Grosvenor being at least upfront and open about these charges and not delivering a whammy after the author submits a manuscript and signs the contract. The package also includes the usual PDF proof, ISBN number (registered to Grosvenor), internet distribution for one year, and also wholesale distribution listing with Bertrams and Gardners. In addition, the author gets five free copies and legal registration.
Have you ever been envious of someone you know that is highly successful in their business, career, or personal life and thought how did they achieve it? I am sure they started with some type of goal setting process that motivated them to reach beyond their limits of endurance and accept only the end result. Sometimes we make the process of goal setting far too complex. Rather than setting ourselves up for that same success we blame it on our personality – we are not motivated or driven enough. I have tried to simplify it for you in 5 steps and relate it back to a personal goal and achievement that I accomplished by using this goal setting process.
Sigh… I’ve added him back. It’s just not worth the fight.
She bursts out laughing and I hear her say the words “you” and “penis”, but that’s all I can make out. I’m horrified. Now she’s going to tell all her friends about it and they’re going to laugh too. It’s not like I wanted to see his nasty thing. Ugh!
Artifacts from saloons included bottles, bungs, white and red clay pipes, dice, animal bones, oyster shells, buttons, bullets, coins and even a tooth powder box. A water filter made in London and a glazed earthenware spittoon were represented by photos. There was also a case devoted to the Chinese population of Virginia City, (Sarah Heffner's special subject), including Chinese coins, pottery, tiny medicine bottles, a bone toothbrush and an opium pipe. It was a delightful half hour travelling back in the past. If you have any interest in the archaeology of the Wild West – or Virginia City – and find yourself on the Reno campus, I urge you to go along to the University of Nevada, Reno Anthropology Research Museum. Just tell them Caroline Lawrence sent you!
Strangely enough through, standing by as the Orcs rape and murder and plunder and destroy, IS progressive.
This is a typical example of relatively accurate information delivered with an “attitude” to imply a coming catastrophe. Look at the temperature chart above. The global temps did indeed rise several tenths of a degree before 1940 which shows why measurement over a century would show a sea level rise. Then for 35 years the Globe cooled during the massive CO2 output of the post war industrial boom. Then global temps rose quickly from 1976 to 1998 which would result in a rapid warming and expansion of the ocean just NASA says which makes sense given the date of their data set, but since most of this happened before the post war industrial boom how is this mans fault?
In middle school, there was this dumb chanting song we used to sing, probably at camp or something, that went like this:
Now Meghan will learn just how far she'll go to save someone she cares about, to stop a mysterious evil no faery creature dare face…and to find love with a young prince who might rather see her dead than let her touch his icy heart.
Page Count: 307
Mitt Romney feels strongly that women should have access to free contraception. Or shouldn’t. Whichever position results in more votes for Mitt.
All oriental countries believe in theory of reincarnation and uses mathematical modeling on the lines of mathematical planetary astrology- which is used to predict larger periodicity of celestial systems- to predict behavior of either life forms or smaller natural systems and their periodicity-using past data and mathematical formula developed under the subject of Celestial Astrology. The mathematical formula of astrology developed in India are so accurate and correct they are used all across in the world even today by Mayans, Egyptians, Sumerians and even of lately by NASA.
This particular park had a small garden with a dog that spent most his time locked in a cage when he wasn’t chasing away unwanted critters. I felt terrible for the poor guy, and unfortunately, I don’t think I have any photos of him, but I will always remember his sad eyes.
(her daughter was killed in a car crash)
I'll leave you with one final picture - Boy Son v Little Son;
Coke. Not diet Coke; the real thing.
Ugh. I live in a northern suburb of New York City, where entitlement is like oxygen — everywhere, invisible and taken utterly for granted. Size 00 women drive $80,000 cars, live in 10,000 square foot mansions paid for by largely invisible husbands working 100-hour weeks. Yet their hyper-tutored SAT-prepped children are often such little social savages my gynecologist had to draw up a two-page single-space contract (!) explaining how they must behave in her office.
“Nothing but widespread suffering will produce any effect on Congress… Our only safety is in pursuing a steady course of firm restriction – and I have no doubt that such a course will ultimately lead to restoration of the currency and the re-charter of the bank.” – Nicholas Biddle
Humidity
Besides the caribou, I saw two white foxes and one very dark red fox. The white foxes were too far away for pictures but I watched them through the binoculars as they went about their day hunting for lemming nests under the snow. As an adaption to winters in permafrost country, lemmings and voles make grass nests above ground during the winter months. This in turn provides a winter food source for the foxes by having the rodents where they can catch them more readily. Also, white foxes that are not attached to a den or raising pups, move around in the summer looking for abundant food sources like water fowl nesting colonies. When they find a area of abundant food, like waterfowl nests, they cache most of the eggs for later. Most of the time it isn’t the fox that made the cache that finds the food, as that fox could be hundreds of miles away by winter time. Over the millennium this has developed into a survival technique that helps the foxes make it through the lean winter and early spring months when food is hard to locate.
Know Allow Accept Manifest… Gratitude to ALL THAT IS for ALL THAT IS!!
A perspective of an average Filipino
Some of the immediate rewards of quitting include:
As long as the world has turned, there have been sales pitches. It’s part of who we are. I’m totally good with that. That doesn’t mean that TV product “infomercials” and 1-800 ads aren’t a bit goofy.
15For without are dogs, and sorcerers, and whoremongers, and murderers, and idolaters, and whosoever loveth and maketh a lie.
My battle to pardon my faults has been fed by more than the regrets of one relational failure. I’ve been singing Sia’s “Breathe Me.” Feeling unsafe having lost myself again with no one else to blame. Unbearably aware of my own need to be held, to be cared for after so much coldness. So worried about the attraction between me and these men who’ve shown so little respect for my emotions. Concerned by this pattern of almost romances and awful endings I’ve had. Worried that it’s not enough to simply say, “Lesson learned, I won’t do that again.”
The city is culturally rich, with various museums, archaeological sites, libraries, and arts venues; including the state of the art, 95$ million Mesa Arts Centre. Mesa has many educational opportunities, as it is home to Mesa Community College, A. T. Still University’s school of Health Sciences, and the Polytechnic campus of Arizona State University. It’s great warm climate makes Mesa opportune for recreational activities for a variety of interests; with a golf resort, sports stadium with Chicago Cubs spring training, and an amphitheater for outdoor festivals. Mesa is a good option for families thanks to it’s suburban qualities; dog parks, amusement park, education system, and youth sports league. If you want the suburban lifestyle with enjoying opportunities and features of the an urban centre, Mesa, Arizona is a place for your new home.
pulling soldier and courtier alike into its web. For those who want the best, Flemish lace is the only choice, an exquisite perfection of thread and air. For those who want something they don’t have, Flemish lace can buy almost anything––or anyone.
1. First make the salsa verde. Take a food processor & place all the ingredients of the salsa verde in here, equally divided, except the sea salt, black pepper & the olive oil. Blitz until it all comes together & is finely chopped up. Often, scrape down the sides & reblitz. Now, while the motor is running, pour the olive oil in the mix. See picture:
- I'm sure you could do carob ones if you have issues with chocolate.
Get to know contacts in the media who will help you get noticed by guiding you through the proper channels. Did you know that many communities have public access television stations that have talk shows that feature local people and businesses? Their audiences are usually small, but it's a great way to get practice before the cameras so that you'll be ready when your big break comes. And you never know who will be watching and what breaks can come from a local appearance.
2. Connections were made: To me, that’s the real value of a TweetUp; connecting with folks in real-time. Business cards were flying everywhere! That was one of the intentions when we came up with this idea last year, for some like-minded folks to come together and share. Now we just need a few more cool folks to come out…
we packed up the kids and went for a drive.
It's none too soon for me to get the hell out of this temporary flat. While it's not a bad place, it's nowhere near as nice as our own place. This was brought fiercely home to me tonight, when, as I was loading the dishwasher, it tumped forwarded and everything rolled out. I mean it just face planted right out of the cabinet onto the floor. A whole damned dishwasher. Talk about a "What the fuck?" moment. Have you ever heard of such a thing? I was rather stunned. I just sort of shoved it back into the cabinet and rolled the trays and such back in, and it seems to be working ok. Maybe someone ought to look at it.
The home‘s modern, state of the art kitchen, large center island, granite counters, cherry cabinets, Sub Zero & Wolf Appliances all open to a huge 4 season sunroom with endless possibilities. Stunning hardwood floors through out this 4 bedroom stunner. The large deck invites you to enjoy a dip in the inground pool. There are plenty of options for a gorgeous master bedroom suite on the second floor! Additional square footage in the finished lower level.
When Matt Huston and I discussed Green Paper he said they were like “Animal Collective the rock band,” and I totally agree. The live show is spacey and fuzzy, but won’t hesitate to melt your face with a three-ponged guitar attack and angry spine snapping drum beats. “April 27, 2004″ won’t make you paralyzed as much as it will leave you mesmerized. The song comes from Green Paper’s Bookends EP. Currently, this five-piece is working on its full-length debut Fire, so look for it, but enjoy this cut in the meantime.
Well… The French may well find Londres a bit surprising after watching that film….
My favourite YA book ever is probably the Chocolate War. Or maybe I am the Cheese. I’m a big Robert Cormier fan.
So that's about it everyone! I hope you all have had a joyous holiday season and have a very Happy New Year! And thank you Cassie, for allowing me to be a guest on your lovely blog. :)
Anne Marie Sallerin Ferreira, 29, Jersey City, N.J.
1 lb linguini
So here’s the deal. One of the main characters in my book is a Christian (fairly outspoken) and another becomes a Christian, but the primary character isn’t and doesn’t, and I like to think that, while the book may be sort of about crises of faith and culture, it’s a story. An exploration, not a diatribe, nor an attempt to foist my views on someone else–except to the extent that all writing is that, in a way. I find it frustrating that exploring that as honestly as I could at the time, even in the context of a children’s book, needs necessarily to be relegated to “religious” literature. If kids can read books about gossip girls and witches and zombies and vampires–well, let them, I guess, but are we trying to censor their exposure to more “traditional” (as pertains to Western culture historically) religious ideas until, say, they’re old enough to scorn it? It seems like a double standard.
UMNO is desperate
Light as my loves’ thought, the few sick
Especially today, as it is exactly 396 years since he died. It’s also roughly 448 years since he was born (lots of people will try to tell you he was born on April 23rd as well. As far as I’ve ever discovered, this is merely hypothesis. He was definitely baptised on April 26th, so it’s probable that he was born on the 23rd, but not certain. However, it fits with the patriotic image, and it’s quite neat to have him dying on his birthday, if a little morose, so we’ll let that rest).
if you're looking to give someone a giant gift card...i'm right here.
five line stanzas, then eight, then nineteen,
That night, but how could sunlight
As Ghandi said, 'an eye for an eye ends up making the whole world blind'.
Google says parents are to blame if children view porn: Online giant attacks call for legal curbs Help us spy on Twitter: FBI asks companies to develop software for monitoring social media to predict crimes Don't be a Facebook spy! Bosses warned about snooping on staff via social networks The soon to be published Communications Capabilities Development Programme is expected to force internet service providers to store details of when and where emails are sent and by whom. Mr Omand wants a Green Paper to be published on monitoring social media sites and for private industry to link up with the Government to develop analytical tools to monitor developments. There have been reports to suggest that Somali pirates in the Gulf of Aden are using social media to communicate with one another and Mr Omand said that in such circumstances the authorities need to be able to gain access to private accounts. Monitoring: Sir David Omand said criminals are increasingly making use of online social networks such as Twitter and Facebook to communicate Monitoring: Mr Omand said criminals are increasingly making use of online social networks such as Twitter and Facebook to communicate He added: ‘I don’t know anybody who thinks that it should be ring-fenced and allowed to become a secret space.’ A new report by the think-tank Demos indicates that Twitter and Facebook accounts could be legally accessed by using the Regulatory and Investigatory Powers Act (RIPA). The act states that warrants are not necessary for ‘directed surveillance’ of a suspect – for example when monitoring a person’s movements – and that the principle could be extended to the internet where investigators were using publicly available information. However, the former director of GCHQ said it was essential that monitoring was put on a legal footing so that where individuals have put up privacy settings on their social network accounts any monitoring which involves the interception of communications should require a warrant. Networking: Mr Omand wants a Green Paper to be published on monitoring social media sites and for private industry to link up with the the public sector to develop analytical surveillance tools Networking: Mr Omand wants a Green Paper to be published on monitoring social media sites and for private industry to link up with the public sector to develop analytical surveillance tools The report states: ‘Democratic legitimacy demands that where new methods of intelligence gathering and use are to be introduced, they should be on a firm legal basis and rest on parliamentary and public understanding of what is involved, even if the operational details of the sources and methods used must sometimes remain secret. ‘People now share vastly more personal information about themselves, their friends and their networks in new a varied ways: what is ‘public’ and what is ‘private’ is not always obvious and differs greatly across social media platforms and even within social media platforms.’ The report’s publication comes against the background of intense controversy over the Government’s plans to extend the monitoring of all texts, telephone calls, emails and internet traffic in the UK. Sir David said that proper regulation was essential to ensure public trust in the system. ‘The problem with social media is that it doesn’t really fit the 19th and 20th century structures we have for how you go about regulating these matters,’ he said. ‘After Iraq, we must be sure that if people are engaged in this kind of monitoring, they are doing it for the reasons set out in the authorisation (and that) it has not been politicised.’ A Home Office spokesman said communications data has played a role in every major security service counter-terrorism operation over the past decade and in 95 per cent of all serious organised crime investigations. However, Google says that when it comes to accessing pornography online laws will not protect children - only parents can keep their children safe from such adult material.
- In Bangladesh it is against the law for schoolchildren to cheat at school exams. Pupils as young as 15 can be imprisoned for this.
Shopping online is another way to stay at home. Most of our curriculum and book purchases are done online as is most of our Christmas and birthday shopping. I generally try to get book purchases and gift shopping done when I find great clearance sales on products we love.
I hold her and say, holy crap, look at me, holding a baby. Holding a real, whole person. Holding DELLA. It is just as surprising as holding a wild animal, or being in space. Astonishing.
Thankfully the works in both Strathkinness and Cupar now appear to be finished which will make the next 6 months of no Dairsie Bridge slightly easier but I still wanted to get that off my chest.
A different sort of pacing is learning to draft. No, not beer. Cars. NASCAR. Being able to patiently cruise on someone else’s bumper until just the right moment requires skill and finesse.
I'm ready! How do I sign up??
Edward Steichen
Keep the artwork in .bmp format (.jpg is lossy ;-) Do not release behind any other label - Do not sell!!!
We had some great weather in the Boston area this past weekend. Although it was a bit chilly in the mornings and there was a little wind, the temperatures were generally very pleasant to go along with sunshine.
In addition to all the rough treatment at home, it seems that Jesse was always sick.
"Let us purify ourselves from everything that contaminates body and spirit, perfecting holiness out of reverence for God."
PHYSICAL ACTIVITIES
I beat her up.
I AM THE BEST, UGLY, SCREAM, and LIKE A VIRGIN
Flowers and Bling Gems - stash
Mikey’s birthday was on 4/26/12 and we went to celebrate at his new boy toy’s restaurant, Lanny’s Kitchen, in Fort Worth. I’d planned on going to the gym and was soooo ready when he called me for lunch. Why, yes! I pretended to put up a fight stating I was getting flabby buttt can’t turn down food for nothing. Neither he nor I had ever been here before. Heck, we didn’t even know it existed! As soon as we walked in, he wearing shorts and a button down and me sporting workout gear, we knew it wasn’t up to par to “dress code.” You know what I mean… when it looks fancy, you gotta look like you belong, too!
A professor from the University of Kansas has published a paper about flirting. He identifies five main methods, ranging from “traditional” (man makes first move and behaves with impeccable manners) to “physical” (woman brushes buttocks against man’s thigh, causing him to gnash teeth and grab her jahoobies).
L. NOGQADA
Daily eruptions, escalating in size, have been occurring at Sakurajima Volcano in Japan.
-the Kenneys represented themselves; on the other side, MPAC had a slew of expensive lawyers and the wind power developer hired similar talent for the township
It's getting frustrating and I'm running out of excuses.
Die:Label 8-Spellbinders
On it is me and my friend Alice! I am a model for most of the products and we both participate in the tutorials
Off to finish up the last sketch for this month and it is a doozy - totally out of the box for me! Wish me luck! I'm claiming mental and creative stress well in advance of posting the card so beware, there could be more flowers on the horizon LOL! Back once I have it completed.
Since he has not seen fit to give me all the details, I am afraid I’m going to have to get past the euphoria and dig out some details. I am prepared to be mortified. Behind the quietest exteriors hides the most depraved interiors. I should know, right?
Oh and the picture above...well that's my gorgeous Curly-Haired Girl getting some sand in her toes at the most beautiful beach you have ever seen in your life; Lucky Bay at Cape le Grande in Esperance WA. And it was as heavenly as it looks. Put it on your bucket list. You won't regret it.
I realized the old version was so riddled with drama, the plot was like an engine running on maple syrup… maybe it could run, albeit slowly, but mostly it would either wreck the car and engine. After reading tons (and I mean about 2 to 3 books a week for the past 4 months) I picked up on authors that clung to the drama versus those who really wanted to get things moving. The books that clung onto the drama (cough City of Bones cough) seemingly dragged on forever pursuing trails of potential plot pieces that were quickly resolved with minimal impact. Whereas, books that jump right into the fray incorporated the dialogue and events made to enhance the experience, not detract from it. I got so confused during the books that had a million little subplots and details, it was boring. Sure, each story is allocated to go off on tangents and tirades, it is the author’s book, but going on a juxtaposing but completely separate path causes the main road to become jumbled in a web of complexities and obscurities.
1/4 cup semisweet chocolate chips
we had a few of those to discuss.
In a large mixing bowl, beat the butter until creamy. Add the sugar and beat until light and fluffy. Add the egg and beat until combined.
Steel is locked into a race against time, determined to find the killer before they discover yet another corpse. Can she save the lives of the town's young women - or will Geraldine become the killer's ultimate trophy?
Back in 2002 I used to run CSR (as it was then!) workshops with some academics from Warwick Business School.
(The Viking Press, an imprint of Penguin)
Although happy to read stories and snuggle in his bed, he doesn’t actually want to sleep in it by himself. I have rarely been successful leaving the room before he is asleep. If he does fall asleep he does it with at least one hand holding on to my arm, which makes it very hard to get out of bed without him waking up. We tend to do better on the weekends when he is more tired because he doesn’t get a nap.
Mini Book- All About Lent (coloring booklet)
God seems to give you a fresh breath of air?
Whipwhirls are a form of elemental conjured into the prime material plane from the elemental planes. At first glance, whipwhirls appear as harmless lengths of white cotton cloth ranging from 5-25’ in length. They are, however, semi-intelligent and, though quite weak individually, are capable of a number of disabling attacks.
For The Veronicas look, I decided t0 feature the look that Lisa wore in a photo shoot done in a recording studio sometime in 2012. I loved the look she wore in these pictures because it is essentially the look that has been their signature since the very start of their career, only a much sleeker, more mature version of it. They both look absolutely stunning in these images and I absolutely loved the look.
John 4:23-24
It is very fulfilling, for me, when sitting with a great friend and creating artwork for hours upon hours on end. The day flew by but we didn't care. Natalie finished...what..four paintings?! And I got two brand new drawings ready for paintin'.
But what about a look for everyday?
* I love you all - Catch you on the other side!!!
Actually, there is more than a grain of truth in that particular criticism. For this is certainly not a racial issue. Indeed, one of the many red herrings in this debate is that — if cultural characteristics are discussed at all — the gangs tend to be described as ‘Asian’.
Black Swan revolves around the theatrical production of Russian composer Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky’s Swan Lake. You’ll find Portman giving the most compelling performance of her life as ballerina Nina Sayers who’s struggling with fame, competition and her worst opponent – her own immoral doppelganger.
Problem: At first, I had students print, cut, and staple their codes in the corner of a page. If the QR code is not flat, there can be issues.
A cat settling in your lap or nearby who half-closes his eyes isn’t showing a lack of interest; rather, closed eyes imply total trust and relaxation. (And whether you’re saying something fascinating or boring doesn’t much matter to the cat anyway.)
3. Copy editors can allow reporters to break the rules of journalism in blogs.
"Oh no. And guess what? This is your lucky day!"
And wash away nocturnal wizen.
5. Your sister? silly
I’ve read somewhere, on some blog or maybe I saw it in a movie, that this feeling is something that’s best shed as soon as possible. That the feeling is poisonous and might make you soft. Maybe.
On-line medium is really a lot more rapidly than the traditional medium simply because it gives you assimilated money much quicker within the quite day time. Modest less-than-perfect credit cash advance Loan supply you with quick money with out requesting about the weighty procedures. It’s not necessary to location any beneficial investment as security to be a security to your Loan provider eliminating the risk and inconvenience. People with bad credit like CCJ’s, IVA, overdue bills, foreclosures, defaults, and a bankruptcy proceeding may easily make an application for these refinancing options. No food catering of faxations is needed on your part because they personal Loans software are free from documents and documentations. With this particular system it might be assured you get the specified total in 24 hours. The quantity got as Modest cash Loans can be used in any reason without the reduction. A smaller money problem may be easily under control if you take this financial loan. The quantity may well range about &pound1500 with payment tenure of three to five several weeks. It helps giving you better monetary shortages that arises previous to your following salaryday.
Happy culling!
Obviously these two are loving their lives... :)
2 Unlimited No limit B/NL
She too is cut from 3/4 inch MDF and then mounted onto a chunk of 2x4.
What is the currency of learning? What are some of the tangible’s? Is it preparing oneself to be wrong?
The background was made with Starburst Stain and Moonglow sprays and gesso layers, then stencilled over with DI.
But I was intrigued from the beginning by "Americans in Paris: Life and Death Under Nazi Occupation" by Charles Glass.
My excuse is that I’ve been out of the classroom (except for the workshops I give at conferences etc.) for a good ten-plus years.
influential as Wertham claimed. For every Wertham there was another professional who disagreed. In
“I’m glad we have that understanding,” was the others’ reply. “But it’s not what we know, but what we tell that matters.” His attention was focused on the wall covered in television panels showing simultaneous news reports; from pandemonium on unknown streets, to desolate farmlands, the horde was spreading across the screens. He was examining one video feed, a close up of a bunny’s tackily furred torso. It paid no mind to the camera as it fed on what remained of EM reporter DeeDee Lottagams.
I struggle with doubt. I have struggled for many years, and for years I’ve asked God to take it away from me. I guess you could say it is my thorn in the flesh. But why is it so hard for me to talk about? I know that I’m not alone in these struggles—many pastors and Christian people struggle with doubt—but why do I hear so few talking openly about it, especially those in leadership?
Unfortunately, the madness of Mango’s mangled mammy and daddy’s world is not confined to the shaky four walls of our little home. I’ve had more than one strange look from colleagues during this last week as a result of ‘baby speak’.
These rulings display a shocking level of negligence and incompetence, and highlight serious failures in the management and selection of Eulex’s staff. This could even be too generous a conclusion, because credible information suggests that the arrest of the governor was perhaps unwarranted. If so, those breaches of Rexepi’s right to a fair trial could imply a cover-up.
“Hey friends, after months of waiting I can now proudly tell you that I am the newest member to the Tiffany and Co. family,” she wrote on Facebook. “This is a very exciting time for me now and I want to express my gratitude and appreciation for each and everyone of you for your continuing support. I will be posting more on my blog. Thanks everyone!!”
I'm blessed to have her help me make my laundry room pretty and a pleasure to work in. So enter the laundry room, welcome! I am still waiting for my new washer and dryer...patience, patience. I went looking for a large sign saying laundry and was not happy with anything but this one. My cute little seester has this same one so I called her to see if she wouldn't mind me getting the same one. Yay, she said she didn't...so I did!
Here is a layout I've been working on for weeks (lol - so sad really but you do what you can when you can!) Tobias got this Monkey last Valentines Day and he loves him still! He's getting a new one today as soon as daddy goes and gets his treat and balloon!
- And leapt back with a yelp as Taslin swiped an arm through the air and a razor-edged gust of wind tore through the Axtli. The flinch made him blink - Clearsight lost - but the First-Realm image lingered. Severed and scattered pins bounced off Dora's arm, vanishing before they could roll to a stop. The Axtli made no noise, but there was no mistaking the way the dark shape receded behind Dora's head.
Evil is what others do to you. Contemptible is what you do to yourself — such as refraining from saying what ought to be said for fear of being ostracized.
And it’s about the long game. We’re playing chess here in the publishing industry, not Big Stakes Texas Hold ‘Em. The industry is changing, almost daily. We all have to keep our eyes on the board to make sure we’re thinking that one great move ahead of the curve. It’s not about betting the pot on a single hand, a single card – it’s about pacing ourselves and setting ourselves up for a real win, one that we learn from and can repeat.
154 6. Book Review: Sidney Lens, The Day Before Doomsday: An Anatomy of the Nuclear Arms Race (Garden City, New York, 1977). Chicago Sun-Times, Show/Book Week, June 26, 1977, p. 8. Reprinted in Hellenic Chronicle, Boston, Massachusetts, July 28, 1977, p. 5.
Haggis, Guinness, leeks, and an Andrew Jackson attitude — what a combination.
GZ
Finally, despite Radcliffe's pluck and elfin charm, I kept missing the puckish comedy of Robert Morse, the silly imperiousness of Rudy Vallee, and the jazz inflections of Michele Lee's voice.
So I bid you good night, as I have a big day (night) ahead of me. Plus I’m exhausted. Stay tuned.
“Empath is a term coming into common usage to refer to a person with expanded sensitivity or clairsentience… Feeling strongly what someone else feels. Picking up emotion and pain from violent movies, violence in the news, watching a violent act. Empath psychic ability to sense the emotions of others.”
Amanpour: Diane how did the debate go?
to Towyn in Merionethshire, mid-Wales.
Wash lettuce leaves and leave intact, drying on paper towels. Cut chicken into 1 inch cubes, place in bowl. Add egg white and cornstarch, stir. Let marinate 20 or 30 minutes in the fridge while you prepare vegetables. Slice green beans, mushrooms, zucchini, peppers, and scallions for stir fry. Do not mix. Remove peel from tangerine and slice into bite size pieces, removing seeds.
Importantly, a center island will be added to Michigan Avenue in order to accommodate a new safe pedestrian walkway.
Put hummus into serving bowl
Emily-Jane and I snuggled up together around 20:00hrs and I read another couple of chapters of her copy of ‘Juliet, the valentine fairy’, before she went to bed. Another little thing she loves us to do, snuggle up in our bed, rather than hers, to read bedtime stories.
Wearing heels that are comfortable and correctly fitted will make you look a
Michelle and I are out to dinner in Florida with a good friend of Michelle's. I nonchalantly say that we are going out on the boat and his face falls. He has known Michelle for a long time and he says "I have never seen that boat out of the garage!" and then proceeds to congratulate me on getting Michelle's dad to use the boat. I quickly correct him and say "I deserve none of the credit. This is all an example in the power of the grandchild!"
Assalam u alekum,
And so even the protest is protested. Yet that makes the confusion greater not less, doesn't it? Is the third Thursday in November a Day of Thanksgiving or a Day of Mourning? Is it a day to celebrate universal brotherhood and sisterhood, or a day to remember broken promises and a history of oppression? Should we feel grateful? Or guilty?
A bipartisan parliamentary committee set up by Najib this month issued 22 proposals for electoral reform, including steps to clean up electoral rolls and equal access to media.
Many girls wish that they could magically get their ex-boyfriend to like them again, or even for something as simple as bigger boobs and longer hair. If given the chance I’m sure that we’d all change something about ourselves or our lives so when our heroine Lex and her best friend George play a mysterious online Sims like game starring not only themselves but also their group of friends who can blame them for tinkering around with the online settings? Giving themselves a better image and adding a few wishful thinking improvements regarding who likes who in the group. But when what’s happening in the game starts also unexplainably happening in real life too Lex and George feel like they’ve won the jackpot. They have ultimate control over their friend’s looks, love lives and even personalities and can change things for the better right at their fingertips. But sometimes what we think we want isn’t always what we need which is something that Luisa Plaja explores to extremes in this weirdly wonderful story.
My philosophy has followed the strength of that marriage and this workshop is about those two very things. We are going to spend 3 very intense days working from the inside-out. Working out who you are as a photographer and your style, and helping you carry that through to your photos as well as your business and brand. Sounds scary? It is! But that is the fun of it - Learning to be a better photographer AND a better entrepreneur! :)
Getting your projects started is key in this Savage World; that you are no longer just living in, but beginning to own!
* “H” is never pronounced.
Its Christmas Eve
Perhaps you find the virtue in coming back again, and again, and again after being kicked and slapped. There is some patience in it, but for us, it is masochism. We do not insist on belonging to people who have shown us their hate for us. In fact, we never asked to know of their hate, so we take even that knowledge as an offense. There are places where you will find love and togetherness without sacrificing your happiness or self worth.
They have been nominated for 6 Grammy Awards.
In 1838 E. Robinson, one of the first archaeological explorers of Jerusalem, discovered the remains of an arch on the southwest corner of the Temple Mount. Photographs show that this arch was only a few feet above ground level at the turn of the twentieth century, and even in 1968 it was near ground level with a vegetable patch growing beneath. Today, visitors to the archaeological park can see the arch some twenty feet from the ground level. Archaeologists have excavated to the level of the first century streets. The arch is part of a stairwell from ground level to the Temple Mount.
After then, you will not be entered into the candy.
.is this justice
This was the first True Romance palette I wanted to try, and I’m happy to say that the experience prompted me to go take another look at the other palettes out there =P
New York’s highest court said for the first time on Thursday that expert testimony about false confessions should be allowed at trial if it is relevant, reports the New York Times. But the court also seemed to set a high bar for determining that relevance: In a 5-to-2 decision, the judges upheld the convictions of Khemwatie Bedessie in the rape of a 4-year-old boy, arguing that the testimony of her expert witness was not germane to the specifics of her confession.
It is now in your power to be serviceable to me, your Mother and yourself. I beg you will keep yourself at home or where your Mother sends you. Dont you come away till I send you word. When you bring anything to the ferry tell them its mine & mark it with my name.
And a few years turned into five before we moved back east… to Montreal. This really was as close as I could get the family to Europe. I loved Quebec (still do) and after living in Houston for five years I quickly (happily) adapted to the cooler weather.
The idea that our minds and emotions play a critical role in our health—a fundamental premise in integrative medicine—is far from new. Many ancient healing systems emphasize the interconnection between mind and body in healing, including Hippocrates, the father of Western medicine, who taught that good health depends on a balance of mind, body, and environment.
Temple President, ISKCON Sri Radha Krishna Mandir, Bangalore
Dangerous nationalism overtures
This is what I’m looking at when I’m live on TV. I can’t see anything the anchor is referencing or myself…just a camera lens and a bunch of lights.
He talked about himself. A lot. Way more than I talked of myself. It could have been nerves, but…. seriously. He barely asked any questions of me, so either he asked our common friends about me or he was nervous and just kept talking.
Now it's your turn!! Head on over to Decorate to Celebrate to see the amazing projects my awesome design team sisters have created!! Then link up your Graduation Party decorations!! I can't wait to see what you create!!
Sätty created many colorful artworks and lithographic prints, and hundreds of black and white collages. During the 1970s many were used as illustrations in both the counter culture and establishment periodicals. He produced two collage books, The Cosmic Bicycle and Time Zone, a pictorial allegory. He created illustrations for the comprehensive treatise, The Annotated Dracula and for The Illustrated Edgar Allen Poe, a book of stories he selected. During the late 1970s until his death in 1982, he produced numerous collages inspired by events in San Francisco’s often dramatic, unruly history, from the Gold Rush to the 1890s. Many of these occasionally bizarre images have recently been published in Visions of Frisco, by Regent Press, Berkeley.
“Build a team and win an iPad".” So that is not a direct quote from, “Avalla, LLC Offers iPad Team-Building Incentive” but it is a good, succinct summary. The article discusses how Avalla, LLC responded to a shift in how business is done and what their sales team really wanted and began a campaign to build their teams.
In battered halls, so much withstood,
Auntie Joan came in with a tray. It wasn’t like the painted metal one they had at home with the scratched old roses on it; this was a long wooden tray, with high raised sides, and holes cut in each end for handles. On it were three tall glasses of milk. Carol didn’t like milk, she’d never drink it, not even when Mum heated it up in the milk pan and put sugar in it. Susan wondered if she should say something, explain how Mum had written a letter to school, excusing Carol from the morning milk. She watched Carol wriggling in her seat, she noticed how even Rachel had stopped rolling her socks, waiting to see what would happen.
Each week we pick one lucky winner of a $5 gift certificate to Sassy Cheryl's shop and this week it's Mary Demmons. Congratulations, Mary!!
Unibroue Trois Pistoles
headboard
You seem to be family guys, or people that rely on close connections? Is that true?
To all my buddies: I have disabled the anonymous commenting; so please do let me know if you face any issues in posting comments.
8. It should go without saying, but DON’T pitch me your book in the bathroom.
When I left, I didn't look back. Sometimes I regret that ending, but I don't know if I could have done it any other way without crumbling. I think that is why I hadn't been down Geary in a long time. I can go to Chinatown, the Mission, anywhere else in the city without having to deal with my memories. But when these random people smile at me, I feel a twinge, and I miss a little bit of that world.
i've been told that any time i'm freaking out that i can go down to the hospital and get a scan.
Thing to Think About Today:
Coo-kie (also said very carefully in two syllables)
The Exeter food and drink festival has increased its prices to a now unacceptable level, so while I did want to go I couldn't justify the expense. I did pick third place in the Grand National though, having put my annual £1 bet on, so I will collect my winnings on the way home from work tomorrow.
That lovely bright green foliage, and fresh fresh fragrance.
The movie revolves around the day of the life of Dante (Brian O’Halloran), a lonely convenience store worker that is trying to get through the day. He is called into work on his day off to open up the store. He doesn’t want to deal with the riffraff that comes into the store everyday.
Even Esta abandons me and hobbles over to have a taste.
Maria was sad not to be allowed to enter the comp but she has now been given the job of DT and blog coordinator of our new SIMPLY SASSY blog which will be live in January. I think she's a bit excited LOL.
Michael Porter, the Harvard business school guru, defined how industries work in his book on competitive strategy. He drew out the relationships between competitive enterprises and their supply chains, infrastructure, distribution channels, and advocacy organizations. He noted how industries develop secondary support firms - such as specialized consulting services geared toward the needs of the enterprises in that industry.
Arnie Gundersen, chief engineer with Burlington-based Fairewinds Associates, says he traveled to Tokyo recently, took soil samples from parks, playgrounds and rooftop gardens around the city and brought them back to be tested in a U.S. lab.
BF: So there you go. The Bilderbergers were chased out, with their tails between their legs.
Rob Banks.
First the leaf. It's just a simple masking technique.
Football tactics have developed too, and we have been treated to some quality stuff, like Marcelo Bielsa’s Chilean team that played in the 2010 World Cup. Some of the football they played was brilliant, really made me think about the high pressing game, especially coupled with a 4-3-3 formation with a rapid front 6, they really became a neutrals favourite.
2. Breathe 3:01
*1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds
A fixed rule for number of photos you may place one card, because a different image file types, the picture of the packaging and contents of each file's size will affect different amounts is not.
Because you are cunning and observant, you will have noticed that I get more than a little excited by cross-media stuff, and this project is no exception. With 26 Treasures I got to respond to an object - this time I get to respond to a person AND an object! My collaborator is Sarah Riley, a wildly-talented textile artist from Shetland. We're still right at the beginning of it all but don't worry - I will keep you posted, while trying to keep high-pitched squeals to a minimum.
Indiscriminate killing of Bangladeshis in Indian border started soon after independence. But over the last few years the killings have become a near daily event. In a blog post Rezwan compiles different write ups on this issue and quotes Bangladeshi Human Rights organization Odhikar this way,
One night I took her to see a new play by a black playwright. It was a very angry play, but very funny. Typical black American humor. The audience was mostly black, and everybody was laughing and clapping and hollering like they were in church. After the play was over, my friend started talking about why black people were so angry all the time. I said it was a matter of remembering—nobody asks why Jews remember the Holocaust, I think I said—and she said that’s different, and I said it wasn’t, and she said that anger was just a dead end. We had a big fight, right in front of the theater. When we got back to the car she started crying. She couldn’t be black, she said. She would if she could, but she couldn’t. She could only be herself, and wasn’t that enough.
Let me start with the negatives. This film is shot entirely in black and white, which is a nice stylistic decision. However, in the age of HDTV and widescreen sets, the fact that it is shot in an old-school 4:3 aspect ratio is a bit annoying for somebody watching the film today. This is, however, something that is just me being a nitpicky prick, so let us ignore that I even brought it up.
08. GAME of LIFE
The secret to making big money in Network Marketing is using proven systems.
Cool Water, Eddie Arnold
Now, to go back to yourself for a minute. Try to think of the little things that make you happy, and do one of them every day. It wouldn’t hurt to write these things down either. On rough days when you don’t feel like doing anything, use it as a go-to guide to pull yourself out of your funk. We all lead busy lives- between work, family, running a home, errands, etc. It is easy to coast from week to week without taking “me” time. We need to recognize that we are worth our own time, and it is always a worthwhile investment. So, have at it. Get started on your book of awesome. Make your day by making someone elses. I promise, you won’t be disappointed.
Thomas Harris, Sen. John Whipple, jr.
The Complaint also alleged that Qualcomm ignored its FRAND commitment to the ETSI and other SDOs by demanding discriminatorily higher (i.e., non-FRAND) royalties from competitors and customers using chipsets not manufactured by
How do children become bullies?
Being an eternal optimist, I figured I could transfer all the papers in those seven bins into the filing cabinet in a hour or so this afternoon.
“I was struggling with the fact that so many black people have lost their farmland, and here I was faced with having to help a white person save their land. So I didn’t give him the full force of what I could do. I did enough.”
-both to the outside again.
May 31 Thursday 10:30am-3:30pm
Hubby and Will took care of getting the whipped cream!
For all his promise, Bland's musical career ignited slowly. He was a founding member of the Beale Streeters, the fabled Memphis aggregation that also included B.B. King and Johnny Ace. Singles for Chess in 1951 (produced by Sam Phillips) and Modern the next year bombed, but that didn't stop local DJ David Mattis from cutting Bland on a couple of 1952 singles for his fledgling Duke logo.
03. Seventeen
Yesterday, I attempted to put down in a map all the different influences/tendencies/movements I'd heard of in British poetry over the last 60 or so years, and came up with this list (in no particular order):
Stacks of books, on my bedroom floor
On the nose - Granary loaf oats and seeds. Faint straw. Rather yummy.
Various emotions flicked across Aurelius’s face before settling on what could only be called bewilderment. “I’m a grandfather.”
Indie Gay & Lesbian
“It was a great thrill to be offered the Director of Football role at Rangers. As a fan it was a wonderful experience to play such a big part in our treble winning season of 77/78. However like my transfer in 1980 my leaving at this time comes as a tremendous wrench.
Above are two of the spectacular views from the mountain. I'll come back again next year in more shape and ready to go to the top. I hope you've enjoyed the update. I get my tripod today so I'm looking forward to taking some pictures of the sunsets and more flowers using my macro lens.
This book is beautiful!
my sweet lafayette friends, run to Jesus. He is on a fierce and passionate pursuit to rescue and call you back. B/c we are all deserted wives in the desert without him. He knew these game changers would kills us. So he has always, will always be calling us back to drink his water, repair our hearts, restore our souls.
Abe Burrows, Jack Weinstock, and Willie Gilbert (book, based on the book by Shepherd Mead), Frank Loesser (music and lyrics) How to Succeed in Business without Really Trying / New York, Al Hirschfeld Theater, 2011 / the performance I attended was a matinee on May 7, 2011
"He maketh the storm a calm, so that the waves thereof are still.
“I am sorry for your troubles,” said Ashe firmly; “but we are wandering from the point. What is a wand of death?”
A frail gentleman cleared his throat
Recently, there has been quite a lot of attention in the media and the blogosphere about the whole issue of open-access journals. The issue is this: academics in taxpayer-funded universities produce research in the form of articles that they publish in journals run by for-profit corporations. The said corporations then sell the research, which they got for free, for a princely sum. Journal subscriptions are expensive, which means that most taxpayers are unable to read the research they have paid for unless they are members of a university community. The Economist magazine, which is hardly known for its left-wing views or hostility to the profit motive, recently denounced the whole academic publishing industry, noting that profit margins in it extremely high. Of course, they are high: most of the actual work (writing articles, editing journals, doing the peer-reviewing) is done by volunteers.
A victory at the Battle of Boyacá, in 1819, added New Granada to the territories free from Spanish control, and in September 7, 1821, the Republic of Gran Colombia (a federation covering much of modern Venezuela, Colombia, Panama, and Ecuador) was created, with Bolívar as president and Francisco de Paula Santander as vice president.
returns a brighter dawn
RELIGION AND FASCISM
As always, welcome to all of my new followers and am so happy that you will be following me on this journey. I love getting everyone's comments, they really make my day.
I warmed up with the KenpoX warmup (today was KenpoX day anyway)...then did The Chrissy. And...omg.....knocked TEN minutes off my time last month. My time is still not one for the record books...and will still very likely ensure that I am the last person done at the training....but I knocked 10 freaking minutes off of it!
God, I may as well have gone and ate at McDonald’s.
Simply put, the value of a good does not depend on the number of labor hours put into the good. To succumb to this error is to fall into Communism. And we have the Church to thank for supporting and defending through the centuries this theory.
* Children's Writer's & Illustrator's Market annual guide. Keep in mind, though, that this is not an all-inclusive list. (Check your library if you don't want to buy it.)
although I find it mostly peaceful.. the creation process for me, is sometimes hard and draining.
JSOC is headquartered at Pope Air Force Base and Fort Bragg in North Carolina. It’s made up of the Army’s Delta Force, SEAL Team Six, Army Rangers and the 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment. JSOC performs strike operations, reconnaissance in denied areas and special intelligence missions. For much of the Bush administration, JSOC was run by Gen. Stanley McChrystal. JSOC’s primary function was to eliminate individuals considered to be “High Value Targets.” McChrystal’s successor at JSOC, Vice Admiral William McRaven, is himself a former SEAL.
There’s a type of seizure called a “rum fit” that only occurs after heavy alcohol intake. Mark said he never had seizures when sober; he may not have been epileptic, simply suffered seizures because of drinking. One night about a year ago he had a seizure driving a scooter and crashed, suffering a severe head injury. My uncle, a retired neurosurgeon who had operated on DUI cases in the middle of the night so many times over his career, recalls going to see his son at that same hospital he worked and experiencing a terrible sense of deja vu, to see a DUI case in that same emergency room, smelling that terribly familiar mix of blood and antiseptics and booze.
– Sugimura Seirinshi
We would like to extend a hearty congratulations to blog member Felix Fox on winning the Welcome to the Otherworld contest! We will have some Otherworld goodies for you! Just contact me at: jeff@architectsofwar.com to get me your contact information.
Alright, Cassandra wasn’t able to write her post for today. First official post on the blog, for shame…of course, I kid. She’s busy covering for her boss, and so today you get a bunch of quotes from one of my favorite philosophers. Friedrich Nietzsche was a German philosopher who said, well many things. I’m not going into all of it right now, but the quotes below run from very serious, to roll on the floor and laugh. I hope you enjoy them, learn from them, and have fun!
Throughout scripture, it tells us how much God loves us, chose us, adopted us, cares for us … but today, I share this powerful scripture. I pray you are encouraged to know deep within you how precious you are in the eyes of God ~ how much HE loves and cares for YOU!
Huntington’s wife, Jolie, told relatives she will ‘make the marriage work’ with Arthur Huntington, her husband of nearly 20 years.
This month I read 24 books. It was a rare month in which I actually finished almost as many series as I started! Lots of great books this month. I actually finally read Graceling and loved it!
A place where I have found solitude,
Enjoying Ally Carter's spy series (ok so I've only read the first one to date..I do have the rest!), this one really caught my eye. It sounded awesome. Only at first I didn't enjoy it as much as I'd expected to. The style of writing is a bit different to what I'm used to, because there was a lot of pov changes in quite quick succession. I found it a little difficult to read the first paragraph of each section because of the style of font it was in, but that's a formatting issue.
Hospital chiefs have provoked outrage by clamping AMBULANCES ... and charging £50 for releasing them.
Most remarkable of all is that Northern Scotland (57ºN latitude) was almost the last to be hit. Throughout November, temperatures remained a balmy 50ºF. Even (spring-flowering) gorse burst into bloom. It recalled an equally abnormal episode in April this year, where temperatures in the same corner of Scotland hit all-time highs.
*Wild Flower clothing
Five months ago
I highly recommend this to anyone who loves food, proper food. It was truly excellent and we will be back for more.
May Eastside Science Café – "The Future of Space Exploration"
And yes, this actually has a practical point, but I confess has little to do with running, but more to do with what I think about while running these days.
That very night in Jax’s room a fitness center grew and grew and grew until his ceiling hung with exercise equipment and the walls had mirrors all around and an opportunity tumbled by with a private trainer for Jax.
69. If I Tell Janet Gurtler
In 1984, Prefab Sprout released their debut album Swoon which drew comparisons with Aztec Camera and Steely Dan. An instant critical favourite, the album hit #22 in the UK and the band quickly followed this up with a new single, When Love Breaks Down, a more commercial, lush affair which stalled at #88 in the chart. However, despite a couple more underachieving singles with Faron Young and Appetite, the band released their second album, Steve McQueen, in 1985 to even greater reviews than the first. The album hit #21 and When Love Breaks Down was granted a re-release. The single this time broke into the Top 40 at still a surprisingly low #25 and remains a radio classic to this day. Real Life... was featured as a bonus track on the 12" re-release. A successful career followed for the next two decades, with Paddy McAloon becoming an in-demand songwriter for artists as diverse as Kylie Minogue, Momus and Jimmy Nail. Ill health has blighted McAloon in recent years but 2009 saw the release of a new Sprout album, Let's Change The World With Music, recorded in 1993.
We're excited to also announce that our Guest Designer, joining us for our next challenge is . . .
White bubble start forming almost immediately once you spread it out over your face. Here comes the fun part where you leave it alone and let it bubble. The next couple of photos will show you the chronological order of the bubbling.
The Chinese (btw, note the similarity between cheena (Chinese) and praacheena (towards China, meaning both east and ancient!) have been drinking green tea for ages. So it cant be all bad.
I've been away for awhile. The last few months haven't been the easiest, but I'm finding myself missing the blog world. I'm taking that as a sign that it's time to come back.
A chill drummed down my spine, and I wondered how long the frost had been on the windows. How long the goosebumps had covered my arms. My stomach had turned to stone, and a fire burned beneath my skin.
3 large red onions halved and sliced (don’t slice too thinly – about ¼ inch. If you slice them too thinly, they’ll dry out in the oven)
full court lunge, run back,
As though all flights, I mean, had gotten canceled,
I love her, I love her, I lover her
Personal photo taken in Galena, IL
"It’s a lovely view". Says Christine.
While there are so many other tips on safe driving I also have a small list here that I use regularly. This is a list of items I try to keep in my car at all times because I never know when I am going to break down, and how long it will take for someone to get there to help me.
"There is a big portuguese influence in Malaysian and Singaporean curries thanks to the hordes that migrated decades ago. The curries are now Portuguese influence or Eurasian Influenced (which is my heritage). So in some restaurants they will have vindaloos with beef (as Indian ones can't be done with beef) or other curries like Devil Curry, Prawn and Pineapple Curry etc..... which is all part of the Portugues OR
Then time to grind some graham crackers in the food processor and add all the ingredients for the delicious crust. I did find the crust slightly over salted and might add a tad less salt next time. Everyone else thought it was perfect.
Filling the bird feeder on the back deck:
Dear friends at Anthropologie,
Here is the A-Z of the Fluffy Tufts gang:
As you can see from my series launch video, kids are everywhere! I love it-- when kids are at their desks it always seems too serious and structured. I want Daily 5 time to be structured, but feel free.... does that make sense? I hope that there is a system and a structure in place so that students know the expectations, but that within that system there is freedom to be yourself and get comfortable when you do your work.
Once almost exclusively white, universities now reflect the racial composition of the country with more people from groups disenfranchised by apartheid climbing the ladder with a degree or diploma. (Please refer to the following ToxiNews articles "Education is key to South Africa's Problems? " and "Who then, was John Langalibalele Dube? - Jacob Zuma")
For my altered food container I started with an Asda Hero Puppy Pouch box. I first painted it with white paint, no idea why cos I ended up covering it in Bo Bunny paper. I wrapped a long length of white stretchy lace fabric around the middle and also a length of purple satin. I made a couple of bows from the satin and stuck them in the centre of the ribbon. Some Tim Holt diecuts and a few petaloo flowers finish it off. I am using it for storing my Bigz dies, as currently they are inside a zipped container and I can normally not be bothered to drag them out, perhaps I will be encouraged to use them more now.
Unfortunately, I've had all this in my closet for a bit, so you're not going to find them in stores...thank goodness there are tons of black and white stripe tops and floral skirts, right? (c:
The earlier deadline for FCCB buybacks was to expire today.
Lots of folks are interested in getting their hands on Abdullah Senussi. So far, France and Libya have requested that he be turned over to them. Scotland is probably working on an extradition request tonight as I write this article. Germany might contemplate it. The USA and the UK have reasons to speak to him, but might not bother getting in the extradition line. If he is brought to trial, we can expect, at best, an inadequate and incomplete justice. But more justice is better than no justice. I’ll take what I can get.
The countries that border Italy like France and Austria also has an influence over Italian cuisine. Other foreign influences include Spain, England, and Arabic countries. These countries engaged specific areas of Italy throughout history.
Interviewer: Let me finish this point, please. If Egyptian national security…
I wasn’t alone. A few other people asked if anyone was planning on doing a run-walk pace.
But if I owe you money, Mama, get in line..
I like him. Well, as much as anyone can like someone they've never met, who they only know via words and photos on a screen. I do still recognize there could be any number of reasons why he might not live up in person to the email dialogue, or, seemingly much more likely, why he might not be attracted to me or might just be emotionally unavailable. We haven't even talked on the phone yet.
because there are some –
Now, after a decade of struggle to learn the craft of writing, Ken has become the publishing world's latest overnight sensation.
"I exist." Daphne said.
our first meeting was in January. I knew one girl before all the grad stuff started because she and I are in the same Bible study group that my cousin is in charge of, so we see each about once a month or so.
When Arnold says “I’ll be back,” in both films he returns by crashing a vehicle into a building.
... more twine, burlap and journalling ...
Setting up a blog tour is easy, though time-consuming. You need to research blogs to find the best fit, and then you need to query the blogger. If you are invited to be a guest on the blog, you need to find out what is expected of you — an article, an interview, a giveaway — and you need make sure that every article you write, every response in an interview is different and appealing.
Catgut – Tough string from the intestines of sheep, horses, etc. Used for surgical sutures. Also for stringing tennis rackets and musical instruments, etc. Alternatives: nylon and other synthetic fibers.
“We liked the same music. We liked poetry. We liked sleeping together. Beyond that? Nothing more.”
5. Social Intelligence: Social Intelligence (SI) is measured by your ability to persuade, influence, connect – in short to lead a meaningful life connecting with others and applying your skills to match your values. Defining Social Intelligence is tricky as it encompasses so much of what we express, of our world view, and our interpersonal values. SI is definitely based in people skills. And it’s much bigger as it encompasses our capacity to understand and exude our values in all dimensions of living. We define SI as:
What angers me the most is that this seems to be an activity (dare I say mindset?) most (if not solely) perpetuated by men of colour. This thing of disrespect and anger-driven entitlement to put another to shame.
smell of the damp earth,
The white rectangle with lines is the area for assignments.
Let’s Be Tourists Part Two!
Lill: I know this because a) you haven’t done laundry yet which suggests that very few items of clothing were actually worn, b) you haven’t produced a single photo, souvenir and/or ‘antique’ from your so-called excursions, and c) you’re shining brighter than a fucking glow worm.
Savitz DA, Ananth CV. Residential magnetic fields, wire codes, and pregnancy outcome. Bioelectromagnetics 1994; 15: 271-273.
So what I want to know is:
It is a delight that an entire room of his work is currently on loan to Tate Modern from a private collection. Because this is a free “display” rather than a paying exhibition it has not been hyped by the media and it’s really not to be missed.
Hello all and Happy Wednesday! Vicki here to announce our Top Talent Award Winner for the "Show Us Your Shapes" challenge. Before I get to that, we want to say a BIG thank you to everyone who participated in the challenge here at Our Creative Corner. There were so many wonderful entries we are so happy you shared your inspiration and creativity with us.
Beach walkin’ yet you yearn to be needed.
I'll come back to these in a minute - different bloggers have different points of view, and there are many shades of grey.
The Swell Season (Glen Hansard and Marketa Irglova) first came into the spotlight with Once, an indie movie about music and life. Falling Slowly, from the OST, won a much deserved Oscar. And then they were silent for a bit. But they’re now back with Strict Joy. And I’m glad they are.
Thank you for understanding that Jill was, and is, and will always be, a part of my life. And for trusting me enough to allow our friendship to flourish and strengthen and grow. And thank you for opening your heart to her when she needed us more than anything.
About half an hour before baking, start preheating your oven to 450°F/250°C and heat up your baking vessel in it (as you can see, I used my Le Creuset enameled cast iron pot). When it is nice and hot, pull it out, dump the bread in (don't worry if it looks messy, once it is baked it won't), cover and bake for 30 minutes. After the half hour has passed, uncover and let bake for another 20 minutes so it turns crusty and golden.
So, when she said "poo poo," I bolted out of that pool, knowing that she must be pretty desperate if she's willing to go when we're not at home. As I was running upstairs, cradling Collette, to the bathroom, I realized there was already a bulge in Collette's bathing suit. I was too late! Once we were in the bathroom, it didn't take me long to realize that she was done pooping and it was now trapped in her bathing suit. This was a low moment in parenting for me, to date. Getting the poop into the toilet and trying my damnedest to not get any on my hands or all over my sister's bathroom was nearly impossible. Meanwhile, Collette was crying that she wanted to go home to poop (a little late for that!!) and fighting my every move to get her de-pooped.
Today a sweet woman came in from Knit for Life to offer me some supplies to keep my hands busy. It was a wonderful gift and reminder that God has designed this time for me to be still, to reflect on what is to come and to stir excitement and joy as I eagerly anticipate all that is about to unfold.
Automatic Bid: Colonial Athletic Association Champions
The sun will shine through the clouds
As a fan I also listen and watch sports television and I've been a fan of Michael Landsberg for quite a while. He is the host of the TSN sports show, Off the Record, and was the host of the game last night!
In this series, each post will focus on one main dish. I sometimes like to make extras just so that I have the leftovers ready to be re-invented into another great dish. So ask yourself this:
Linking to the following fabulous blog parties with great inspiration:
Bill McGuire, professor of Geophysical Hazards at University College, in an article in New Scientist, titled "Climate change: Tearing the Earth apart?" wrote:
I kept remembering that I had all these random friends that happened to be Birth Doulas/ Midwives and they were SO gracious to answer my 354,098 questions. Before I knew it, I was signed up for Birth Doula training workshops and attending Childbirth Education courses and chatting about water births and cord prolapses and placentas in rooms full of midwives. I was reading childbirthing books constantly and getting wonderful looks from people that clearly said "How wonderful that you are studying how to assist women in childbirth. I don't question your character or your marital status." HA. Funny joke.
Father today we seek your discernment we seek your wisdom. Show us anything in us that we need to tear down show us the deepest things in our hearts that are stealing our intimacy with you. Father we praise you for your Mercy and Grace we come boldly to your throne in our time of need and ask you to grow us today in our life with you . In Jesus Name.
After Goldie went to be a science candidate, the kids from the campus were disappointed. Not long after, another came. I fed it with cricket bought from the pet fish shop. The scientist had hope that Magdeline would attract a male and perhaps we could breed it. Sadly Magadeline didn't survive. I immoralised her in a setting agent. Unfortunately, the agent beached Magadeline of this gold colour.
Based on these images alone, it's tempting to-- as we do with most Icelandic artists- interpret Mugison's music as a product of his home country's mysterious landscape (try Googling "Sigur Rós + glaciers") or rich folkloric tradition (ditto for "Björk + elf"). But on his madcap third album, Mugiboogie, the former laptop-tronic artist makes a case for an Icelandic pop music defined not by topography or mythology, but rather basic geography - in that his country's location puts him a in a fortuitous position to absorb the influence of American blues, British psych-folk and, when the mood strikes, Scandinavian black metal.
"Islamophobia is a national illness," he said.
Let's take a walk down memory lane to see how my girls have reacted the past few years.
The Von Trapp Family Lodge! But I didn't know it at the time. I pulled in, jumped out, and RAN to the lobby. I just wanted to see someone, anyone so long as they were human and awake, to get out of the Twilight Zone I'd been in.
MOG lets you play through the Roku at the $4.99 subscription price, but Rdio requires the $9.99 sub. But when you think you get nearly all new music for $9.99 a month, that’s a fantastic deal.
We were all just talking and stroking each others’ arms and legs, when one of the other girls declared:
from attic to garage, basement to cabinet.
You will not understand the power and the beauty of your youth until they have faded. But trust me, in twenty years, you will look back at photos of yourself and recall in a way you cant grasp now how much possibility lay before you and how fabulous you really looked. You are not as fat as you imagine
Dear Mom's Best Products,
Thanks for visiting with me today, have a great one!!
However, after a recent and successful bid to forgive foods that in my earlier days were labeled inedible, I decided to make an "All" beetroot dish! A fresh, vibrant, sexy, beetroot soup.
Pulled off the side splash. That was HARD. I busted out so many tools to hack at it! That thing was on their good.
And because of all these amazing dramas, I decided to recap 2 more dramas. Rooftop Prince and Queen In hyun’s Man.
When your credit is in disrepair, it is quite easy to throw your hands up and think that things will never improve. Following the helpful advice discussed in this article, however, can give you a feeling of empowerment as you learn to effectively tackle credit issues.
And I saw in the turning so clearly a child’s
There is a massive disconnect in this movie between the acting of the people playing the Gods (who all play their roles as if this is a massive lark) and the acting of the humans (who all play their roles as if this is ultra-serious). Liam Neeson and Ralph Fiennes treat their performances as if they’re making this for the Saturday morning crowd, while Sam Worthington and the rest treat their duties like they think they’re doing a remake of Gladiator. It’s in that disconnect that the movie falls apart for me; I don’t hate TITANS, but I was sort of bored by it all despite its visual prettiness.
Your talents might actually be things you enjoyed doing when you were
we get what we choose
the power of words
I tend to go in for complicated plots. I like lots to be going on. Convoluted side-stories, intricate mysteries, hidden pasts, secrets dramatically revealed… I like to weave all these things into my tales. This kind of plot requires, by its nature, a certain amount of planning to get all the pieces in the right place.
By paying higher taxes, you’re feeding the beast. By arguing for higher taxes, King is the animal handler.
You can tell it is the first day of the summer holidays for Drama Queen No’s 1 and 2, the sun is out, towels draped on lawn and the bathroom seems to have taken on strange sci-fi like purple glow with magenta touches. This last phenomenon possibly not unrelated to the fact DQ no.2 and a couple of friends seems to have dyed their hair what could only be described as an interesting array of colours. Am now bracing myself for enraged calls form angry mothers. My own particular view is that so long as it is back to its normal blonde for the first day of school in February, a time that seems unbelievably blissfully far away, then that’s fine.
BARACK: What the hell! Who’s there? I – I warn you, the Secret Service is right outside that door, and they are authorized to use deadly force!
Description from Goodreads
Rio de Janeiro
1) I know repetition is a good tool for helping young children to learn but after hearing ‘The Map’ song for the first time I never wanted to hear it again.
same time it sent chills up my arms. I glanced up through the hooded canopy of
Negro-Vilar A. Stress and other environmental factors affecting fertility in men and women: overview. Environ Health Perspect 1993; 101 (Suppl. 2): 59-64.
You remember school/university/first jobs with deep affection - no matter how much you hated it at the time.
But life has a way of providing warmth both physically and inwardly when you least expect it. Like yesterday when I received this cheerful and very warm sweater cowl from my sweet friend Vicki over at 2 Bags Full that I was lucky to win in her most recent giveaway. Vicki also sells these lovely upcycled sweater cowls in her Etsy Shop that she creates out of retired or vintage sweaters.
The President of the Republic might call the Council of Ministers to a meeting chaired by him; and might ask for reports from the Prime Minister and the ministers.
The monkey said, "Monkey tricks for twenty years? That's a pretty long time to perform. How about I give you back ten like the dog did?"
Aw!!! Thais how today was. It started out with smiles. Stupid touch screen called The Ex when I was still half asleep. We had a really good conversation. I went to work smiling but when I got there the Assistant Mang. threw a list of things that were broken and going wrong and then she ran off. And then I ran out of pennies and was at the store all by myself. Awesome day!
I don't know if I've mentioned here how much Abby loves "raking leaves". Every time we go outside lately, she wants to get her gloves and the trash barrel and rake leaves. She usually helps for a few minutes, and then decides she wants to sit in them and spread them around. The kid's probably around 40% help and 60% hindrance. She's so amazing though, that it's easy to forgive her.
As you constantly provide news for educators, you’ve probably heard of mobile learning before, and maybe even agreed it has potential.
John recently got a promotion and we have loved that it now enables him to be with us on Sunday. He is constantly working hard and we are so proud of him.
This Thursday April 12th 2012
Not necessarily just the educational background but also their experience in their fields. My choice always depends on what I want to accomplish with a certain project. Based on the résumé alone you could sometimes hire the wrong person and then later realize that they might be qualified but they can’t actually execute. If that happens you fire them and hire someone else.
FOR AFFECTED AREAS – WHEN NO MAJOR WAVES ARE OBSERVED FOR TWO
AAM: No, they are closer—you would think of the thrones as being with the seraphim and the cherubim.
22 Werewolf
Green beans are steamed with a drizzle of Olive Oil and dash of salt.
To reiterate: as far as I can tell, no no one has presented evidence that challenges the accuracy of the data that Aucejo, Arcidiacono, and Spenner presented. But in the contemporary academy, which worships before the altar of “diversity,” accurate scholarship can be insufficient—and can even, as in this case, generate an implicit rebuke from a university leadership.
And I believe in the Holy Ghost, the Lord and Giver of Life; who proceeds from the Father and the Son; who with the Father and the Son together is worshipped and glorified; who spoke by the prophets.
2.) I've been playing shows, working, thinking, etc all the time.
The Sixers season begins with five straight road games, four of which take place in December. The Sixers’ December opponents are Portland, Phoenix, Utah, and Golden State. Continuity will help the Sixers in these matchups. The Trailblazers will be without Brandon Roy who has been forced into retirement due to degenerative knee issues. This stretch for the Sixers should be a good one despite having to start on the road.
I asked Anna what prompted her to open this type of business, which she said came from her love to knit and the need to fill a niche for fellow knitters. She would like customer's to know that hers is a friendly and warm environment and she enjoys hearing their stories about knitting and crocheting and who has taught them, such as their mother or grandmother.
We found all three elements at The Alchemist on Brunswick Street, Fitzroy.
Mind you, whilst the cake was in the oven, Nick went to Tesco and there was a huge mountain of the same kits, now reduced to £3. Sod’s law, as always !!
I’d had trepidations about attending the function. Feared that the gathering would be reduced to some sort of freak show, with people gawking at those members of society who are normally overlooked, ignored, hidden at home. Because coming face to face with ‘nature’s mistakes’ discomfits us.
The private lunch was set for Wednesday the 14th, and the trio FINALLY had a chance to go over the albums and memory books the Stillwagons have amassed. Right place, right time, mission accomplished. :)
It bugs me because people really don’t know what being creepy is. I’m a pretty passive guy. I have reason to believe most Facebook users are creepier than I am. Many of my friends can vouch for me when I say that I can’t even show them a picture of one of my friends without getting freaked out. I have always sworn that every time you right click a picture of your favorite female friend, click “Open in new tab,” and give the link to someone else, that the owner of the picture knows you did it. Thus, I want to throw up every time someone asks.
Blond: Hazy with a sharp and refreshing bite. Brewed with Nelson Sauvin hops. A favourite amongst many, including me.
Edited to add - Yes, yes, I know. I've been told that the bat didn't, in fact, land on Justin Bieber's face. I guess it was Logan Lerman, whoever that is. All those teen stars look alike to me. Sorry.
Any approach to the recently-published archival text, including comparative, historical, psychoanalytic, feminist, queer, materialist, biographical; Monroe as icon, poet, performer; in celebrity culture, fashion, politics, and film. 300-word abstracts. by 15 March 2011; Zachary Lamm (zlamm@uic.edu).
Hank III – Rebel Within
The latest twist is the sudden resignation of George Nicholas as Chairman of Caribbean Airlines and the opaque statement by the Minister of Transport, Devant Maharaj – “…Yes. I can confirm this. I am in receipt of his letter but I cannot say anything more…”
1) is there more mental illness in the world, or
Anarcho-tyranny works for every sphere of life.
It will be ANZAC day on 25th April, and it's the first time we're really going into it much with the children. These are the resources I chose to use with my 6 and 7 year old - of course check them first by yourself to make sure you think they're suitable.
Following my tradition, I am picking up where I left off last year: Hot Springs, NC. I have planned an ambitious 120 mile walk to U.S. 19 north of Erwin, TN. But you know what I say about plans? They are made to be changed. How can you change plans if you don’t have one to begin with?
And 7 weeks of residential.
This is a hard set to complete at near mint condition as always with vintage sets only buy graded cards that are from a reputable company. Never buy vintage cards from aution sites unless you can trust the seller most are counterfit.
Greetings, Star Warriors!
Hotwire went the extra mile by including items based on previous Hotwire searches – a form of personalization that is increasingly popular email marketing technique (and might I add, fairly easy using your reports and some ingenuity Wyndham Rewards probably wouldn’t get opened. I just don’t need movie tickets right now and am not sure why I’d get them from a hotel chain anyway.
Well...I created it using just two of the stamps from the Papertrey Ink stamp set, Modern Basics! One is the cluster of three solid shapes (used for the two points of the heart), and the other is just one solid shape, that I easily rotated to fill in the curved left and right sides of the heart.
So you’re not so far away
Needless to say, many people were skeptical (to put it mildly) of this venture (see, for instance, the comments thread on my post), especially since there were so few details of the literary agency's inner workings, apart from a bunch of agents with no last names (here's Agent Emily). What would PA do to earn the $199 fee? Would they be marketing new manuscripts, their own books, or both? Would they even send out submissions at all?
lonely child of a burrito DA
Almost everyone who has seen it seems to agree it’s exceptionally well-made and psychologically gripping.
First of all, I wanted to apologize my readers for missing two weeks in a row- midterms were rough this semester, but I’m back and ready to talk about Wanderlust! Ever since my real first trip I went on- that I REALLY remember- at 8 years old, I have been a collector of souvenirs. I have everything from a monstrous collection of postcards, to clothing, to christmas ornaments, to pottery, and the list goes on and on.
It is in the masters that Nietzsche sees a true ability to “love one’s enemies” and the masters respect a worthy enemy. A worthy enemy is a mark of distinction, only a fellow master could truly be their enemy: the slaves are beneath their consideration, and thus not really enemies at all.
The children of Beech Haven didn’t need toys. We had dams to build and trees to climb. I scaled the towering magnolia tree next to the goldfish pond at least once a week—all the way to the top.
Here we have their 2009 Promo for download, approved by Jay Valena, I think this needs to be heard guys, pretty neat stuff IMO
You can do it, and more importantly, your little one can too! Take this inspiration and use it as your fuel!
As Chris and I talked, we came to this conclusion:
However, on the second day of the trial, which was expected to last for a month, the case collapsed into a mistrial.
A1: Mama? Mama? Mama?
There is something else I need to say out loud. Last year when I moved into this house and a broken kiln switch delayed my work for a few weeks, I began a new chapter in my career as a potter. I began blogging in earnest, wanting to document my processes, first and foremost, for myself, and for any other artists, or buyers or just the general audience who might find some interest in the ins and outs of daily life by the seat of my clay covered pants. The new chapter involved making some big changes in the direction of my work. Most of you may or may not know, but for many years I had a very distinct style of work. My stoneware multi colored line:
“Very few witches have that specific tattoo even though, in theory, they all should serve him,” Fortunatus said, appearing suddenly behind him.
Woodentops Wheel’s turning UK
he chucked that piece of chalk at jake's head.
When I pulled OPI Y'all Come Back Hear from my stash and set it next to Kate, they looked quite similar.
Stephanopoulos: Larry is this job growth for real?
To whom is the arm of the Lord revealed? The answer is given in the words of the Lord Jesus Christ in Matthew 11:25-27, “At that time Jesus answered and said, I thank Thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, because Thou last hid these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes. Even so, Father; for so it seemed good in Thy sight. All things are delivered unto Me of My Father: and no man knoweth the Son, but the Father; neither knoweth any man the Father, save the Son, and he to whomsoever the Son will reveal Him.”
Yellow: YR31, YR30, sand pencil
As I mentioned in my last Pre Code post, there certainly was a lot of nastiness to be found. Thanks to the Internet, we can all now view these old comics and see that they were, in fact, pretty damn graphic. The irony, however, is that Seduction of the Innocent was so poorly researched, that much of its content was simply made up!
Robert Forster (Jackie Brown)
Avery Brewing Company Maharaja
I imagine an event that is fun for those involved and for those watching.
Marcus made a neat row of eyes on the forehead of his alien.
08 You Got It In Ya (cuts)
In 1991 Roy Schwasinger went before a senate committee to present evidence of the banks and governments criminal activity. He informed them how the Corporation of the United States was tied to the establishment of a New World Order which would bring about a fascist one world government ruled by the international bankers. So in 1992 a task force was put together consisting of over 300 retired and 35 active US military officers who strongly supported constitutional law.* This task force was responsible for investigating governmental officials, congressional officers, judges, and the Federal Reserve.
Now we’ve got the “when is it present” aspect (when atoms are getting crunched, man) and we need the “what direction” to continue describing this force. I push something against the matter model a bunch of different ways with something somewhat flat and ask them what direction the force is being exerted each time. We narrow it down to the pretty elegant “perpendicular to the surfaces” idea.
5.Colour and how used
I've decided to note which giveaways aren't open internationally. The default will be open worldwide, meaning I'll only note if they have restrictions.
The Nimon could use an artificial black hole as a gateways from planet to planet. This technology was effective but not energy efficient. Due to their high energy needs, the Nimon undertook migrations they called the Great Journey of Life. Usually, one Nimon was sent to a planet, representing themselves as a god with advanced technology where it would construct a maze-like Power Complex, a building-sized labyrinth of circuitry designed to generate a new black hole which it then used to transport more Nimon to the planet. The Nimon would then drain that world dry and move on.
5. Your Wildest Dream
Ultimately, despite some… glaring flaws, Mirai Nikki isn’t entirely terrible. It generally has a strong cast of characters even with some bad characterization for some of them and an interesting premise, but the plot is inconsistent in quality, generally hovering around ‘alright’ although it does have some freaking EXCELLENT moments near the end. I can’t say I was ever really bored, and I certainly didn’t hate it (well, not everything about it), but it’s just not all that great.
This is acting so weird that I’m going to go ahead and post this before it locks up and I lose the whole thing. Don’t know why it is acting the way that it is but it is making me nuts.
Before my last trip, I had posted that I was fortunate enough to pick up some new gear. My review of the Nikkor 50mm lens with test shots will be coming up this week, but I did want to write my thoughts on the Lowepro 350AW pack. Overall, the pack gets an A from me due to its size and comfort. I was easily able to fit my D5100, three lenses (including my 70-300mm), memory cards, batteries and other accessories in the bottom compartment. My only dislike was that I wasn’t able to fit the camera body with the telephoto lens attached, but that is me being picky.
I had another little bag of a few more of my favorite things to give out to 1 lucky friend.
Pride of the Yankees
“Oh, fighting people of our great nation – what are you waiting for, their vile summit?”
I felt transported to another dimension as I gazed through my lens and took photos (with some difficulty without a tripod for the camera) while Georgian friends, Amiko and Natia, who drove and guided me around the city (after a daytime tour to Kakheti — another story) led the tour and answered all my endless questions about Georgia and Tbilisi.
He was condemned that you might be pardoned.
This year, they would like to purchase a vending machine and retro fit it so that it will vend small pieces of art created by local artists. The prices for the art will range from $1-$20. If I understand correctly, the location of the vending machine will rotate through out Ames giving access to more people.
An AcArya is he who has not performed the brahmOpadEs’a but teaches the s’AstrAs in part or in full. s’rI kRSNA’s upanayana was performed by Garga, but his vidyAbhyAsa was given by sandIpaNi.
-a clean house
The Maestro Quads have been around for years, but it was only last year that I was introduced to these lovely palettes. It started when I purchsed the limited edition 2011 Mediterranean Eye palette. I was so impressed with the colors, texture and overall quality of the palette that I decided to get another one from the permanent line. The Maestro line has six different quads (Armani calls them harmonies) to choose from, and after some deliberation, I chose no. 2 Floral.
(Tilda goes home. She enters her one-room flat and hangs up her jacket. On her dining table is a stack of Company Card bills. She sits on her couch and stares at the wall.)
Printer-Friendly Version
The Home Care Pulse Certification requires an agency to be reviewed monthly and includes the evaluation of areas such as loyalty, benchmarking improvements, client and employee interviews, caregiver performance, caregiver morale, agency incentives and caregiver rewards to name a few. Download the Home Care Pulse Certified Fact Sheet here.
From historical writing to paranormal and every genre in between, we write stories that engage our readers. We alone can take readers to places they’ve never been, remind them of what they’ve felt, help them relate to the characters we create, and bring them to a place of happiness, even if for just a couple of hours.
Your employees will rise to your high standards if you give them a chance.
My aunt won and wanted a spring wreath, I created a board on Pinterest and she seemed to like "earthy" wreaths, and she loves to garden.
Hmmm…see any comparisons between the two that could be problematic?
The cutest little thing ever!
Earflap
Forest City Ratner Companies and its Brooklyn Events Center subsidiary would have a tiny fraction of the jobs. Some 1000 part-timers would be hired by AEG, in charge of arena operations, and 900 hired by Levy Restaurants, in charge of food service.
I will also request from the SAPS a full report into:
Then the excess is brushed away, and what remains in the outline section is burnished vigorously using one's finger. It brings up a sheen that is very pretty, plus then the glitter doesn't come off. It needs no sealer. Different colors of glitter are applied to each section in the same manner. It's really a very pretty effect, and fun to do.(There are some very good videos on Youtube..search on Ritz Glitter). I had a boo-boo at the top of the main image with the bowl of cherries. Wasn't watching what I was doing, and a piece of tape stuck to the very top. When I got the tape off, there was a 'bare place', so I had to think of how to cover that mistake, and still salvage my image. Finally found a Spellbinder image that I could cut a frame which would work effectively with the image, so I used some red mirror paper (bought around Christmas time, didn't get used), and I think it emphasizes the red in the cherries. What do you think? The blue paper is from Memory Box, don't know the name. The silver is embossed with a Cuttlebug Folder provided for class use. Hope you enjoy the card. Have a wonderful day...it's nearly Friday.
The sidewalk ends
This has been the “classic old trick” of email marketers. But there are tons of people that get cut right here. “Oh, just low- commitment, I will be better off without them”. Sure you would.
Please pick your favorite and at the end of the day. I will tell you mine.
Produced by Live Nation Entertainment, tickets for The King's Men concert tour will go on sale beginning on Friday, May 11th at Ticketmaster.com and LiveNation.com. Citi cardmembers will have access to presale tickets beginning on Tuesday, May 8th at 10:00 AM ET through Citi's Private Pass Program. For complete presale details visit www.citiprivatepass.com.
in a breathe it will vanish
Wrestling has a long and distinguished history in Britain, however it wasn't until the 50's - when ITV started to broadcast it - that the nation really started to take it to it's heart. By the 60's it was just about the biggest sporting attraction on TV, and many of the stars of the day became household names... Jackie Pallo (Mr TV!), Mick McManus, Billy Two Rivers (real life father of designer Wayne Hemmingway) and many more.
That they live in you, os under you, O wheels!---
ISBN: 978-0-316-03627-6
People also obtain a chance an opportunity to discuss regarding these commodities within the forums. This enables manufacturer tend to be sellers to obtain firsthand info and suggestion from clients. Information for example where the things are moreover sold as well as their cost can also be provided.
What more can I say? I am blessed to have such a caring and wonderful sister who finally looked for me. I also now have father, brother and of course birthmother and we are fortunate indeed to all know each other. Even if it did take thirty-one years to meet.
Michiganers started an initiative petition to get the law put to a vote of the people. The initiative petition board in Michigan (with two each Republicans and Democrats) deadlocked 2-2 when trying to decide that a challenge to the anti-overseer petition was valid – the font size of the petition was too small. The challenge to the petition was brought by a Republican group that shares office space and phone number with a Republican consulting firm, of which one of the two Republicans on the Michigan election board is a principle. So that Republican member is attached to both the challenge to the petition, and also gets to vote on the validity of the challenge. That member didn’t see (or more likely, ignored) the blatent conflict of interest, and he voted to sustain the petition, which has so far worked to leave the overseer law in place.
So, yeah, I understand that the previous paragraphs read like a Bell's promotion, but seriously, barring the Xmas Ale, of which I have no opinion as of yet, all are favorites of mine, and are available locally, both in cases and in six-packs. The only thing that's missing is a Bell's tap in Indiana, which will hopefully be remedied soon.
I love joining in with the Make My Monday challenge and never miss it if I can help it. In fact there's no chance of me missing it during May as the lovely ladies have asked me to guest for the month! May's Floral theme continues with a fabulous new challenge this week: Any Flower with Music. It sounds fun doesn't it - why not join in yourself?!
Alan Brunton / Fast Post / 48-51
delicatessan," says Bjork-collaborator Graham Massey of techno outfit 808 State.
It was fun but way too stressful.
i love me some chevron. such a simple design but the playful V shapes make me so happy. the stacking bracelets shown are by a brand called TOMTOM that i recently stumble upon. i am more interested in this ring, but these bracelets are fun as well.
But often times, it's me. I'm the one saying "Hello, FinePrint."
no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should.
Winners will be selected via random draw, and will notified by e-mail.
Partitioned : Yes
The group The Long Lost is comprised of the man with the magic muttonchops, Daedelus, and his wife Laura Darlington. The group also features some of their friends backing on violin, flute, and other various instruments ranging from guitar to xylophone.
uyuni, in bolivia, is known mainly for being right on the edge of huge salt flats, a unique tourist attraction. just outside of town, however is a junkyard for trains. for anyone fascinated by things mechanical, a visit here offers an incredible experience.
The fans saying the Cintron faked are senseless to me. As you all know, I'm not a big Cintron fan. But I have a ton of respect for Cintron. He's made a living fighting avoided fighters. Nobody would fight Margarito, Martinez, and Paul Williams and Cintron stepped up and fought all three of them, Margarito twice. And when Mayweather had made the comments about the UFC, and Drama Queen Dana White came out and suggested that if Mayweather feels that way, he should fight Sean Sherk. At that point Cintron stepped up and volunteered to fight Sean Sherk. This was big to me, because it shows how dedicated he is to the sport of boxing and how fearless he is when he steps in the ring (or cage, whatever the situation would have been.). Its funny because I'm a Paul Williams fan, and I'm usually very critical of him (as I am Andre Berto) and I'm not a big Cintron fan but I'm not very critical of him, I give him all the credit he deserves.
Laid not your hand on me.
Ahhh, but that didn’t last very long. It happened again: I got glazed over and entered the sixth dimension, Ma-la-la-Land, and I took off. But this time, Jeff didn’t catch me until mile marker 2.5. Feeling slightly guilty but secretly annoyed that he fell off the pace so soon, I glanced over and saw a large man dripping with sweat — gloves and hat already peeled off and dangling from his shorts. He gave me the nod that he was OK, so off we went, cruising along at about a 9:00 minute/mile pace.
She is super outgoing and very strong willed.
First let me say this: you can fill your files without taking any extra time out of your day. This isn’t a project where you have to assign time slots in your daily routine to get it done. It is something that can happen without a single change in your habits.
Kaiser-Permanente still hasn’t processed the claims correctly, and I am currently facing a $1150 bill (down from $1650). This is all over the fact that Kaiser-Permanente still has not paid for my $125 consultation, saying it was “unauthorized”. This is despite the fact that I went to the surgeon they chose, and waited over a week to get a referral for the consultation (incidentally, they promise they can do referrals in 24 hours when they are selling their services to your empoyers, but when you are a patient, good luck with that. It took me a week, and that was with daily phone calls.).
The big news of the weekend — Mexico is going to London! Yeah, BABY!!!!
It’s a sad, sad night, down at Vicky Park
But lo, I have been shown the light with this year's release of their follow up album. These guys are simply geniuses! Punk rock parody is not an easy feat; attempts usually fall flat because people forget that at the heart of the best parody you find honest tribute. These Snowmans know their Punk Rock and play it well, and will leave you laughing (and pogo-ing) all the way as they transform old mosh-pit classics into new Christmas carols. They carry the joke to its fullest extreme, too; from the band's name itself (hello, Angry Samoans!) to each album's cover art. The 2009 self-titled debut pays homage to The Adolescents' first LP, with a yuletide red/green color scheme in place of the original's red/blue; this year's offering, the brilliantly titled What We Do Is Festive, takes on the appearance of The Germs' (GI), with holly wreath in place of that band's blue circle logo.
So when I read an article brought to my attention by Dances With Fat about how 54% of British docs in a recent poll said that non-emergency medical services should possibly be denied to people who smoke and people who are fat, I maybe wasn’t as surprised as some.
They will probably just say, "Those people were noisy when they yelled at their kids!"
Large flightless birds used as mounts or beasts of burden. These stats are for the heavier, riding crodlu. More muscular battle-trained versions have a Strength of d12+1 and a Fighting score of d8, but they're slower with a Pace of 10.
Before I delve into the subject at hand, I want to shed some light onto the mindset of 19th century Victorian England, where ideas and concerns mirrored what we will see in our mid 20th century. The Victorian periodical publishing aspect I speak of is not comic books, but the entire parallel genre of children's literature which came of age in the Victorian era and where the preoccupation with childhood manifested itself in the books and magazines produced for the young. As more and more children of the middle class joined the upper class in reading, prominent literary critics of the time played leading roles as arbiters of taste and morality, especially against what was deemed the lowest rung of printed reading matter, the penny dreadfuls, the reading entity of the working class.
John Smith’s Grand National Record: 1992 Whats The Crack (13th); 1997 Full Of Oats (Fell 1st); 2003 Chives (PU bef 12th), Maximize (Fell 19th), Southern Star (14th); 2004 Southern Star (PU 18th); 2011 Calgary Bay (Fell 4th)
Quite simply Faithful is one of the loveliest and most stirring piano-trio recordings I’ve heard in some time. Things often get as dazzling as all the hype suggests, but never more so than on the rhythmically-charged and dynamically intoxicating “Night Train to You,” suggesting not only the crossroads of the Oscar Peterson and Keith Jarrett trios but also the emotive motivation and the moody sensibilities that is something of a calling card for this trio.
522- Swings with Lemmy after so long being at home!
Dominating the entire debate about the future of global manufacturing is China. In 2010 China took over as the world’s biggest manufacturing country by output. Looked at from a long enough perspective, this was history repeating itself. In 1800 China had held the same position. But then the country suffered close to 200 years of decline.
Last night we did take them on our date with us. We saw Transformers and then went to Iggy's for dinner. Truly, they are pretty fun kids but let's just say next weeks date night will NOT include any children. (Oh and while at dinner we had a discussion of the language in the movie and how it is an example of what NOT to say. Sheesh, it is like some words are just common now) (Yes, I realize it is rated PG-13)
Very much later they head for the hotel and ask for rooms. The hotel manager states that they only have one available. Hex and Smith eye each other and decide to share the bed.
Students are encouraged to submit their work to the Southeastern Writing Center, D Vickers Hall 383, by Nov. 1 for consideration of publication in the fall issue. Work submitted for the fall may also be considered for the spring issue.
I had intended to walk down along the river, camera in hand, to take some photos of the beautifully ethereal atmosphere of the young leaves on the beech trees. However . . . someone (Miffy, the boys' mother) saw me going and decided she was going to come too, but she was complaining bitterly all the way until I turned round and retraced my steps. Here she is, yowling at me and telling me to Hurry Up! She is blind in one eye, but this doesn't seem to stop her hunting.
And then we see Moon, once more charging towards the seas edge, his Mod jacket flapping in the wind. Moon sniffs the air and looks up at the sky.
If you haven’t read The Hunger Games yet, let me give you some context. This is a highly political series with strong themes of rebellion and the horrors of war. Katniss is constantly thinking about her strategies and how far she might go to survive, as well as analyzing her current situation. This is all done quite neatly in her head, as talking to herself isn’t the best thing when there are bloodthirsty Careers after you.
The widths between ceiling joists, and therefore the ope widths that need to be accommodated, vary from building to building. Rather than manufacture the stairways with varying widths to fit each type of ope width that might be encountered, which would have been too expensive, the prior art settled on a standard width and adjusted for the difference by bending the metal support arms. A problem with the prior art was a limit to the width that could be tolerated by bending. If the ope width departed too far from the standard, the arms were unable to operate freely and more strain was applied to them, eventually leading to failure of the pivot joints. The patent sought to solve these problems as follows:
Earth has one natural satellite orbiting it every 28 days or so. It is called Moon. I know, not a very imaginative name for a… moon. Personally, I would rather refer to it as Luna or Selene. Every other moon in the solar system has a proper name. Mars, for example, has two moons and are called Phobos and Deimos. Jupiter has 66, as far as we can tell. Again, we are in no position to compete with those giants in case we become too vain about our puny planet.
Thanks for stopping by♥
again, i don't know.
These images are a full 16″ x 20″ printed on quality canvas and gallery-wrapped on canvas stretchers (the canvas wraps around the stretchers and is printed all the way around) for a clean, modern look. Canvas prints are not on display, but you can purchase one by specifying you’d like the canvas print. Canvas prints are also for sale at $75.00 each, and a portion of every sale supports the Andrew Carnegie Free Library & Music Hall.
Believe me that the difference between a Seventies jeans pattern, an Eighties jeans pattern, and a 2011 jeans pattern is so slight, and the adjustments needed so minor, that I'm tempted to just say go out and get whatever jeans pattern you can find.
-Jim Tiroch
iCloud, by contrast, is free and so far appears to be much more stable than MobileMe ever was. Being free also lends iCloud a certain level of leniency, too, as and when issues do occur.
~ Add in chocolate pieces and beat for another 2 minutes.
three - 5 5/8 inches x 5 5/8 inches (14.3 cm x 14.3 cm)
Copy editor: Lindsay Naylor
And I didn't even spruce those up in photoshop one bit!! I really wish the Legion of Honor was a teeny bit closer to my apartment - I have a feeling I'd be there a lot taking pictures.
That might sound counter-intuitive given the City's obvious vertical emphasis of late. Its new skyscrapers, adjoining or replacing Seifert or Gollins Melvin Ward's more sombre '70s efforts, are the result of Ken Livingstone's failed Faustian Pact in the early '2000s – skyscrapers for Section 106 agreements, a manifestly misguided attempt by a GLA without tax-raising powers to finance new social housing, resulting in a few 'affordable' studio flats slotted behind waterside yuppiedromes. The architectural results here too are often fair as these things go – American corporate modernism made more interesting by being slotted at random into the medieval street plan, creating strongly memorable accidental vistas. SOM's Bishopsgate Tower is ruined by its height restrictions, squat where it should be sweeping, but KPF's Heron Tower is less compromised. The Gherkin still feels barely corporeal up close, like a piece of GGI. And in typically, the new domestically-named towers under construction will entail both Vinoly's whimsical 'Walkie-Talkie' and Rogers' more rigorous 'Cheesegrater'. Seen from, say, the viewing area of Tate Modern, the new City skyscrapers compare well with Canary Wharf's axial beaux-arts boredom. But it's hard to ponder their architectural qualities in the face of the fact that, despite the bailouts, despite capsizing capitalism, the City is merrily going on as if nothing had happened. If you want to know why OccupyLSX is necessary, consider the fact that the public purse funds the City's new generation of financial phalli, while they squeal against a Tobin tax.
Thanksgiving has come and gone. Christmas explodes into our lives through the commercialism of retail greed. Between now and Christmas, common days will pass by filled with sacred moments hidden in all the neon-flashing extravagance of Christmas.
Jesus suffered verbal insults and physical abuse.
kicked it down the road towards the hill on the outskirts of town. It rolled up
I tried to find my way out of my torture, but I was far too weak.
Critics of the campaign have argued that the real issue for Scotland is connectivity, not domains. There are still large swathes of the country without access to broadband, and improving this is an important milestone for Scottish commerce. Focusing efforts on a name seems like focusing on the wrong problem. Having said that, there is still a good case for rebranding – it would certainly lend an air of credibility to the country’s online presence. After all, if Antarctica and Liechtenstein have their own domains, why not Scotland? A country that generates £4bn a year in tourism revenues needs to have well crafted websites with a memorable name – www.tourism.scot does have a nice ring to it.
It is a rather long drive to Genga because of the mountainous terrain and we got lost quite a few times. The main issue being, that the caves are not in Genga, as Google suggests. No, they are actually 15min out of town. No drama then.
in its rhyme with galley. The actual pronunciation for Edmond
Remember that song? Sung by The Pointer Sisters? Did you know they're from Oakland?
And yet, as with any adoption story, there is another side that we often choose to ignore. The side that goes unnoticed on our adoption announcements, the side that the photo of the proud parents holding their child for the first time doesn't show. The side we'd just as soon forget ever existed...
The annual Gross Domestic Product, the amount assigned to the value of all the goods and services sold, is about $14 trillion dollars. Congress has just voted to raise the “debt ceiling” to about $14 trillion dollars.
Hope you like my efforts!
J couldn't get back to sleep for 2 hours, he told me the next day.
i shake my head at that!
I am so excited to introduce Elevate Wellness' first guest blogger to all of you! Susan at Real Kids Eat Spinach is by and far one of my favorite food bloggers! She provides wonderful, wholesome recipes and menus that you can realistically implement into your repertoire.
C. Sins
Time is running out.
Giant
Perhaps it was appropriate that, shortly after buying a Kindle last week, I settled down into a transatlantic flight home, with the 12 September edition of the Wall Street Journal in hand. And there it was, staring me in the face on page 1 of the Marketplace section, an article entitled "e-Book Prices Prop Up Print Siblings." Now that I have a vested interest in the e-reader platform, the question of how e-book pricing differs from print books has become a matter of intense interest. The facts and figures as set out in the article make for interesting reading.
Lots of friends come to see us at the office. We love when people visit!
When I read that people were using astronomical references to date the Vedas, I started learning about Indian Astronomy.. you can find my notes and articles here : http://oldthoughts.wordpress.com. Now, I understand, the method that they are using to arrive at their conclusions., what I need to know is how accurate their data and assumptions are, and also how justified they are in selecting some data and rejecting other data.
I remember in college I did Weight Watchers. I think at that point I was in the 180s. I always told myself that I would never let my weight get about 200. Well somewhere along the way I stopped paying attention, or stopped caring and by the time I got to AmeriCorps I was at 206. That was a huge shock for me! I’m pretty sure I burst into tears at the doctor’s office.
I'm still plowing along, so don't give up if you are plowing with me. I crash and then I put myself back together again and press on. I'm sure glad I love salad or I'd be hooped.
I started this place a little over a year ago just for me. It was like a visual journal to document my homeschooling ups and downs. A place to process, pat myself on the back when things go well or vent when things go not so well. I feel like I'm learning so much too and I want to be able to write about it.
b. War crimes:
The Doomsdayers have nothing left to say
Seasons pass by from summer to winter.
In the many court cases which have taken place since the whistle was finally blown a little more than a decade ago, a number of other teachers gave testimony that they were unaware of what was going on. As far as I can ascertain, Thomas Mooney was not called to testify. Even if he had been, given his detachment and preoccupation with his own problems, I would guess that he would also say that he didn’t know anything. And yet, that visceral part of me which does not always comply with my rational world-view wonders whether the underlying miasma of evil and misery in the school didn’t contribute somehow to his obvious unhappiness.
Engineering Co-Ordinator (Race Team)
And I was all, "No you aren't."
The second road said, “I am the golden road, the road of warriors. Walk along me and I will give you strength. Invincible strength! Strength that will strike down even death in one blow!”
We arrived at our venue exactly on time by subway. A lovely Irish pub called Dora Keogh's on Danforth Ave. in Toronto. It was tiny but the pints were excellent( and plentiful since I wasn't driving!)
Even today, historians are still researching and discovering new things about the precious archaeological complex.
I looked around the Cirrus as we pulled away from the dock opposite The Schweizerhof, one of our host hotels. What an eclectic mix we were – Danes, Germans, Italians, French, various Swiss, many Brazilians, lots of Americans, Irish, UK. English was the common language although you could also hear French, Swiss German, some Italian. People were tired – particularly the Americans whose body clocks were set to a different time – but the mood was upbeat, positively expectant. Folks were curious as to what would happen next, to experience how it all might unfold.
Anyway, just putting it out there.....my heart on my sleeve.
So here's how to enter.
Remove from heat or turn to low heat and add potatoes and basil. Use a masher and mash potatoes until soup becomes thick. (You can do this before hand in a processor, or mash in a separate bowl.)
That sort of passage may look easy enough to write. It is not. It requires an absolutely secure understanding not only of one part of the whisky world, but of its entire extent. Broom has that, and, in the few areas where he is not completely sure of his ground, he has had the good sense to look to others that do. The Canadian and Central Europe sections, for instance, were written with the expert help of Davin de Kergommeaux and Bernhard Schafer, respectively, and both are really enlightening reads. I also found the "Flavor Camp" classifications and the lists at the back of the book extremely useful, allowing the reader to cross-reference, for instance, "fruity and spicy" or "smoky and peaty" whiskies from across the world.
Before today becomes our yesterday...
With my new book out April 14, I have to toot long, loud, clearly, daily and — pardon the appalling biz-speak — across multiple platforms.Why? Because, in the U.S. where I live, 1,500 books are published every single bloody day!
Carefully flip all your potato slices and introduce finely diced onion, cook for a minute then add finely chopped garlic.
I used spray adhesive to mount a map I bought at the Museum of Natural History to a piece of foam core. I bought a cheap frame at Bed, Bath and Beyond and popped out the plastic (it didn't have glass) and framed the map. Then I used map pins I bought from Staples to tack all of the places! I absolutely love it!
This only a little of the impacting information about ilegal immigrants. There are toms and tons of more information and sad facts of discrimination against these people. Ilegal immigrant will be a mayor fenomenon until we as a civilization start to be more tolerant to people that want a much better life. First world countris must start to be a lot more tolerant in their politicstowards Ilegsl immigrants.
As all the tuned spheres, and that to friends;
Remember: the prize is a full manuscript request. Please, please, please make sure the manuscript you are pitching is completed.
8:49 - Call Meagan to brainstorm zoo options (we were planning to go the zoo together)
Look how good this chicken looks:
Vidaya Balan is specially credited for promoting Bengali style sarees with gold jewelry. She has been seen modeling a Sabyasachi Mukherjee Saree on the cover page of FHM, which is also Bengali style saree.
Colonial Williamsburg has reinstated the Jefferson Blog. Each week a Jefferson quote is posted on the blog and visitors are encouraged to respond discussing the relevance of his words to our world today. To celebrate the 250th anniversary of his W&M graduation, the quotes are focused around education.
but rather pairs of men and women
I too believe God is in this. The scriptures say that God will judge FIRST the household of God. And although VOM did not claim to be a church per se, it did profess to be a ministry based on the concept of doing the work of Jesus Christ. However, what I have noticed is that VOM has taken on certain aspects of an overly large corporation, and that being the case, there is always a danger for the those at the top, in leadership, to not receive personal, spiritual accountability and spiritual guidance from godly wise men.
· Get all your ZA paper work sorted out before you leave. Trying to get it while abroad is a real pain in the hole.
It was sunny and pleasant. Nice enough to kick off our shoes and go for a walk on the beach. We climbed on the rocks and poked around the tide pools. It's off season so the beach was gloriously empty. In a few weeks, the tourists and off-seasonals will start to descend upon the Jersey Shore. None of those clowns you see on TV are from New Jersey. They're all from Staten Island and Brooklyn. A lot us wish they'd stay there.
I actually dropped one of these in the store by accident and it held up very well! The packaging appears to be pretty sturdy and is nice for the girl on the go. The blush flips up revealing a compact brush and mirror. A nice addition! Very convenient.
I've reworked some items in my Etsy shop and am streamlining a few things. Yarn bowls are taking over my life in more ways than one. I feel like I can make them in my sleep, I've made so many this year. I went thru a phase where I broke nearly every other one during the process...since I was so tired and stressed. I'm learning to ride the waves of business life. Definitely taking breaks during slow periods and learning ways of not getting myself stressed out when things are super busy. I'm also learning to toughen up a bit regarding competition. More on that later.
12. when i was in high school, i went on a date with a boy named tony catron. we went to a movie and afterwards he took me to watch a tractor pull...we didn't go in though, we went up on a hill above it to watch for free.
- You scream that your parents are not letting you make your own decisions and you still sleep with an arsenal of stuffed animals.
Oh, I mean a problem besides the fact that I recently realized that companies fondly referred to as site scrapers have been stealing my content and selling it to other websites – without attributing or linking back to me at all.
There were some wonderful statements Herd makes along the way that are worth chewing on for a while. Here are a few:
Like much of the Gowanus Canal area, the land underneath the proposed Gowanus Village was considered extremely toxic. The property is officially designated as a brownfield, and in the past "included uses like a sulphur works and coal-fired power station, a paper mill, lumber yard, garage with gasoline storage tanks, an iron junk yard and auto repair shop," according to the Brooklyn Daily Eagle. The Batcave building itself was once the Central Power Station of the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company (BRT). Dating back to at least 1896, this coal fired power plant was "capable of moving 125 tons of coal per hour" which was used to power "the engine and dynamo room," according to Electric Power Plants by Thomas Edward Murray.
Jerry Garcia – lead guitar, vocals
We all take for granted, reading and writing. How to Write a Sentence and How to Read One by Stanley Fish ($19.99, Harper) explores the way we externalize our thoughts through the creation of sentences and Fish is an aficionado of the finely wrought sentence. His book offers a literary tour of great writers throughout history and the way they captured their reader’s attention and imagination. I would go so far to say that anyone who wishes to write well should definitely read this book and, for that matter, anyone who loves literature should do so as well.
Hehe...
There are LOTS of prizes to win, and something at every stop! We all have an image for you and you could also win one of 3 big prizes at the end of the hop, at the store blog! And don't forget about the candy giveaway too, see at the top of my sidebar:-)! You have until Sunday 6th to do the hop and winners will be announced on Monday!
Fear not, Diddums, for I think I have the answer. In fact, I know I do.
It's quite likely that I will be out of a job in eighteen months or so. The funding cuts announced by the government in the wake of the Browne review are particularly savage in the subject area where I work, and in the kind of institution where I work. The emphasis on the so-called STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Maths) subjects means that, in effect, arts and humanities subjects are going to be denied any funding at all, and will have to survive on vastly increased student fees. The real terms cut for a department like mine in the sector of the university market we are in is about 98%. Whether there is a pool of students prepared to pay those fees is another matter, and it seems clear that lots of departments will close, and it is by no means inconceivable that entire universities will have to shut up shop. And, you know, I somehow don't think that will be Oxford and Cambridge. Already, redundancies have been announced, and I know of several institutions where departing staff are simply not being replaced.
After Friday's parliamentary briefing, Pakistan's information minister said Lieut-Gen Pasha had told MPs he was ready to take responsibility for any criminal failing.
The 18-year-old Eagle Scout and captain of the high school track team rose to his feet – and walked out – passing by hundreds of other students who were cheering the anti-bullying advocate’s profanity-laced rant.
Nana Kwuku Danso, 47, New York, N.Y.
Anyone out there have a quick and easy weekend organizing project ahead of them? How about a major overhaul happening? It sure would be fun to share some weekend warrior type stuff with the readers on Monday morning!
Bournemouth area hospitality association Chairman Andrew Woodland said: “Visitor spend will be way down this weekend, with a fall of around £1 million compared to a good weather weekend.
Then yesterday, I had an encounter with the roofing guy. I had talked to him the day before about coming over, and I usually know right up front, whether I want to give someone my business. Paul told us to, “test the spirits,know ye not that every spirit which proceeds from someone does not come from God?” So this is exactly what I do. And I pray that the Lord will give me discernment.
It is a great mystery of the anointing of which one may be unaware—even though it is working most powerfully. On the other hand, one also may not be conscious that it has been lifted! When Moses came down from Mount Sinai, “he was not aware that his face was radiant” (Exod. 34:29).
How we think about something can have a profound effect on how we do that thing. Thinking of the process of software development as a search algorithm rather than as the process of building software can lead to making better decisions about the products we create and the way we go about creating them.
Moreover, if you are someone blessed with footwear covering a wide colour palette you can also wear navy, olive green, or burgundy shoes with a charcoal suit with appropriate shirts to match or indeed clash.
This is a crusty bread that would go nicely with soup or chili. I mixed mine up to let it rise after dinner one night and baked it the next day when I got home from work, letting it rise for 18 hours. I saw no difference in the dough from that morning to that evening, so I could have baked it earlier and next time I will. Don't be afraid of this dough either, when I put mine into the hot pan I just plopped it in there. I baked mine for 20 minutes more after removing the lid and it could have used a few more minutes, but yours may vary depending on your oven. I've included another recipe at the bottom that is very similar except it also uses beer. I will be trying it next.
The health and safety of undocumented workers is often overlooked and workers routinely put their lives at risk. For vegetable and fruit pickers, highly toxic chemicals used as pesticides and herbicides are the causes of chronic illness and infant deformities.[7] Workers in meat processing facilities fare no better. Machines operate at dangerous speeds that cause debilitating injuries. Workers face humiliation or severe punishments when they cannot keep pace. The conditions inside meat plants are usually very cold and wet and workers become sick after long hours with inadequate clothing.[8]
11 Stormkeeper
So, camera found and stresses easing, I hope to be back soon. Have I read that before somewhere?! xx
As usual, my sister Kim rode with me to the College the last two days, and we returned to our separate corners of the house once we were home this afternoon. Friday night, she goes to hang with the friends of my sister Pamela, and Pamela, at the Arby’s in Mission. Thursday night, when I awoke from a nap of three hours, Pamela and Kim had gone somewhere, but both sisters were home in the morning.
Prime Minister Najib Tun Razak was defense minister at a time when Malaysia bought two Scorpene-class submarines from DCNS. Included in the transaction was a €114 million commission paid to Perimekar Sdn Bhd, a company owned by Najib’s close friend, Abdul Razak Baginda. The transaction has been mired in controversy since 2006, when Altantuya Shaariibuu, a party girl and translator ostensibly hired to help in the contract, was murdered after demanding US$500,000 from Razak Baginda, her jilted lover, for unspecified reasons. Razak Baginda was acquitted of her murder under unusual circumstances without having to provide a defense. Two of Najib’s police bodyguards were convicted and sentenced to death. They have appealed the verdict.
well, think about it, if everything went the way you wanted it to…
She's so cute . . . and was such fun to color! I've been just itching to make a card with her and these gorgeous DPs (by Stampin' Up). Cardstock is Blushing Bride, also by Stampin' Up. Those scrumptious roses are from Wild Orchid Crafts!! OK . . . are ya ready for something fun? Wait for it . . .
Well, I just wasn’t feeling the greys I was picking out. So I decided to practice what I preach and wait for the inspiration to strike in the form of bedding or drapes.
She cloth diapers! Her daughter is in cloth, so of course my son is in cloth with her too!
Breham had told the forum that French President Nicholas Sarkozy, who is also under probe for the Karachi deaths involving French engineers, may move to stop the appointment of an instruction judge.
* Photo entries must be sent to us at: contests@littledivatutus.com ONLY. Please do not post your entries on our Facebook Fan Page. We will do that when all the entries have been received.
“No, no, Esssstifff, you go ahead and vork out your two weeks, and on your last day ve vill have Champagne!”
FUCHSIA SHIMMER PAPERS & CARDSTOCK: Stardream Azalea by Gruppo Cordenon
Talk about a gift for Bob who loves to see how things work! It closed right after we left.
Once a firm has established its basis for competitive differentiation and has decided its overall strategic directions, it can then turn to the final of the three areas, namely the methods by which it can best pursue the firm’s strategy. This part of the strategic thinking will need a thorough appraisal of the firm’s existing resources and momentum in order to decide whether a combination of organic growth and operational improvements will suffice to carry the firm forward. In some cases, heavy investment capability will be needed to enable the firm to hire people expansively, to acquire teams or to build the firm’s brand. In many areas of private client and consumer law, for instance, firms are seeing the benefits of persistent and well thought out advertising campaigns, but the heavy cost of a long term marketing budget needs both resolve and access to funds.
While you're doing all that, whip up the sauce by combining all ingredients in a small bowl. When noodles are done, drain and toss with sauce and chopped broccoli. The end.
My arrival was not on your mind.
And as she opened her windows, the mountain became the seizing force in her room
But it’s not easy for a same sex domestic couple to raise a child – not when they spend most of their time firing guns and circumventing the law. And certainly not when crime boss Elias is lurking right around the corner! So click on the jump below and let’s put this review the f*** to sleep!
Lately, though, another kind of owl medicine has caught on. My mother (Chinook/Euro) has sent me links to her beloved "Molly McGee", a barn owl of worldwide fame. Live cameras have been put into the owl box she and her mate - and two subsequent clutches of owlets - call home.
My own explanation of why their son is a psycho was that the kid was probably swapped at the hospital. Clearly, he can’t be theirs. Who casts these films? Fail.
But I don't think there's any turning back this time!
From inside cover flap:
On Saturday I felt like I was at big-kid-camp. We gathered around the flames, sipping our coffee and chatting while the eggs sizzled. We mowed that food as if dinner were a vague, far-off dream.
There was the woman on incapacity benefit living with ME, or "yuppie flu"as the prejudiced might say when asked what sort of people are getting benefits when there is nothing seriously wrong with them.
When we say that some languages are beautiful and others aren’t, what we’re saying is that we’ve now joined the ranks of fellow well-behaved mirrors. We can now be relied upon to reflect judgements about languages which derive from love, war, and other things that have as much to do with intrinsic features of those languages as a shopping list or a fairy tale. Whether Miss Language is indeed the fairest one of all on its own merits is irrelevant: the reason why the mirror knows best is that we’re looking at it blindfolded.
1) Al Qaeda was not behind the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Centre and the Pentagon.
So where can this show go from here?
The cataclysm hardware requirements normal iѕ standard with regаrdѕ to processing speed, storage space, sound and visual appeal. Gamers who utilize computers fоr video games wіll immediately identify the difference in thе experience based оn the settings uѕеd in the hardware setup of thе computer.
The Dragons were running wild over the island - pretty amazing when I think back.
The demented soliloquy that is the sound of a car aerial being repeatedly thrashed against a supple, un-violated behind was something I unfortunately never experienced as a child (I was so freaking well-behaved). However, through the magic of inelegant cinema, I have since been able to witness this alternative child rearing technique first hand. Where, you might ask, did I find such a film that showed this irregular nurturing in action? Well, I saw it in Female Trouble (a.k.a. Rotten Mind, Rotten Face), John Waters' salacious ode to crime and beauty, that's where. One of the most educational and enlightening films about parenting I have ever had the pleasure of viewing with the seeing part of my face, this moralistic adventure through the disgusting mire that is city living mirrors my life almost exactly. For example, I, too, openly ate meat ball sandwiches in class; cut my daughter's umbilical cord by using my teeth; let my hippie husband breach my vagina with needle-nose pliers; and giggled my flabby hindquarters at a go-go bar. Wait a minute, none of these things happened to me. Talk about gross. I mean, meatballs? On a sandwich? Eww! Seriously though, tantamount to staring directly at some sort of mirror-like object, to see my values shamelessly spewed across the screen like they are in Female Trouble was liked being bathed in a vat of coagulated saliva. Now, the dewy contents of people's mouths invading your clogged pores may not be the most flattering way to describe the sensation of watching a film. But if you've seen the film from beginning to end multiple times like I have, then you know that it's the highest praise one can give. It sure beats the old, "I liked the movie. It was funny" routine.
Although Eve Carson clearly had some interaction with her killer before her death, and was alive long enough to be forced to reveal her ATM card PIN number, let us hope that neither she nor Lauren Burke suffered the terrible deaths which Channon and Christopher did. Accounts differ as to the degree of the brutality, and whether both suffered sexual mutilation at the hands of their five African American killers, however, the details which are confirmed reveal a horror which no innocent young couple should ever have to suffer.
A restaurant with a good selections of Dim sum and Chinese cuisine.
but I realized that previous to these cardio commitments.
Remember this (Professor) when I make my own thoughts up on the next exam. My interpretations are as legit as those ‘certified’ to give opinion.
But the researchers found that the students’ jam expertise could be easily undermined by making them fill out questionnaires explaining their preferences. Some of the worst-tasting jams (at least according to Consumer Reports) were now ranked the highest.
I have over the years received many types of scams/spam from people claiming to have vast fortunes hidden in bank accounts, those who claim they are dying to those who claim that I have won the lottery. However, no one thus far has threatened to kill me; until now that is.
Today's post is my final post for the series New Beginnings, I started for the month of April. The first Monday in May will start my May series, which will be dedicated to mothers in honor of Mother's Day.
- Wet'n'Wild Mega Eyes Defining Marker
The United States And Britain In Prophecy
Apples are at the top of the list of produce most contaminated with pesticides in a report published today by the Environmental Working Group (EWG), a public health advocacy group.
Between 1948 and 1967 about 850,000 Jews were expelled or forced out of Arab nations, and became refugees. Their assets were confiscated, their bank accounts frozen, and property worth millions of dollars nationalised. Jews were barred from government ministries, their entry in to the civil service was severely restricted, and many lost their means of livelihood. About 600,000 of these refugees went to Israel where the struggling newly-born State integrated them into the country and saw to their rehabilitation. The rest went to the Americas,Australia and Europe.
I would love to have been a fly on the wall in this room at that time in early America! The stress tension these men must have felt, but yet worked through the feelings and as a result our freedom which we enjoy each day!
Coastal Scents Shadow Worx primer (applied to upper lid, blending in gently with ring finger)
Well I had a CLASSIC Fussy baby… High need type situation… my child wouldn’t calm down, was sensitive to noises, cried… I found that he was much calmer with my choice to nurse on demand (and he demanded it day and night, every hour and for hours at a time!). I instinctively slept with my child to keep him closer so I could keep my sanity and nurse him easier. I sat and cried to Maria at the Postpartem Place in Chatham, NJ. She looked at me knowingly…”You have a high need child!” She pointed at the Dr. Sears book on her shelf. She said, JUST NURSE HIM. Can’t leave the bed for a bit or the rocker? Nurse him… it’s ok. So I did. Thank goodness!
Would you defend yourself as the Apostle Paul did in Jerusalem? Today we are looking at the first verse of Acts 22.
Cybill Shepherd, at the time, was a successful film actress, having appeared in films such as “The Last Picture Show“, “The Heartbreak Kid“, and “Taxi Driver“.
“Molinari (ferry), two whistles?”
Wow, ok so I admit I have seriously neglected this blog for way to long! Sorry to anyone who has been following or checking in for new pictures. Early this spring I had big run of babies, wrapped up my portfolio and just recently set up a new website...that sadly I'm not completely in love with. I just have to remember to keep things simple and in touch with my own style.
Be yourself. Especially do not feign affection.
I picked out some cute purple frames. With rhinestones.
I can't wait to see what they came up with!
He opened the box and pulled out an odd lump of plaster. He started laughing when he finally figured out what it was.
So anyway, dancing is doing the trick for me. I feel fantastic and I must look pretty good, too. Did you see my Facebook post on Sunday?
Say love, be love
Gonzales
But many nights would be a test of patience and lasting through from 10pm to midnight was a rarity. I'd turn the radio up for the talking and down for the music. His contrariness in deliberately playing outlandish and often diabolical records was a thing to be admired if not listened to. The internet age has made us more impatient and we can, if we want, click away after the opening bars of some Hungarian electro drone duo or a Congolese folk band but his show made you stick with it or bail out and potentially miss something wonderful. Coupled with the weekly music press it was the only place a kid like me could discover music outside the charts and peek into other worlds; that was our internet. As for "This Is Radio Clash", it was an amazing record, so far ahead of its time. John Peel knew.
There's only one question Id like to ask. If you'd been served a piece of GREEN meat would you really want to return to that establishment for a second helping??
it's work
“Charon rarely draws or paints figures – largely because they are a bit more difficult than sticking fake jewellery on badly drawn sharks…but he has made an exception with this dancer based on a fashion designer style. Charon was having lunch, as he does most Sundays, at a local pub the weekend before Christmas. The team at the pub are great – they ensure that Charon can have roast chicken each Sunday even when it is not on the official ‘menu’. One of the waitresses, Amy, who is doing Chemistry at university (Charon did Geophysics and Geochemistry for one short year many years ago) asked him what he was doing for Christmas. ‘Drinking and painting’ was Charon’s reply. When it became clear that Charon was not planning some orgy of DIY decorating and wallpapering over the festive season, Amy asked if Charon could do a painting for her. While Charon was enthusiastic about the possibility of painting a roast chicken he did feel that Amy might not be so enthusiastic about such a subject…. a RED dancer seemed an appropriate theme!”
"We must, however, be careful not to get caught up in the hysterics and display of outrage," Ngwenya told protestors. "Only those who knew him, his community and family, are truly in mourning."
In the days I’ve had off work recently, I’ve gotten pretty addicted to Pinterest. Basically, it’s a site you can join where you can save or “pin” favorite things you find on the web. This could be clothing, do-it-yourself projects, recipes, what have you. My latest obsession has been homey things. As a result, I’ve narrowed it down to the few things I hope to achieve in our home…
Because it led to one of the greatest stories you will ever hear.
So, there Liam was one day, in a huddle with one of his best friends, planning the day's play at recess, when I overheard one of the teachers say, "Liam, are you working on your goals?" Of course, an absolutely accurate, honest answer would have been, "Why yes, Miss Teacher, I am working on my goals right this moment! Thank you so much for your interest!" But, Liam has always been a sweet, lovely boy, not the wise guy his mom can be, and he hung his beautiful head and was thwarted once again. My heart breaks thinking of it.
our bones grown together inside
Sounds good at first but just doesn't pan out in the long run.
But such observations are just that. Is there any way to quantify them?
Other Supermen leapt from the arts pages: dancer Michel Fokine was a “Superman of the toe,” actor Robert Loraine a “Superman of the Stage,” Stravinsky a “Superman of Jazz,” Schoenberg another musical “Superman,” and singer Enrico Caruso had the “lungs . . . of a superman.”
So, lately I've been overwhelmed by the tiny, miniscule daily things that imbue my life with beauty and grace. Almost every time I say to myself, "I'm going to write a post about that" and then the time slowly drip drops away and there's no post. So to make up for my severe tardiness I'm just going to list my favorite things. Like David Letterman I'm going to do my Top 10 in reverse order. Here goes:
As we change and grow and move towards fulfilling our potential, free from mind chatter that slows us down, we also begin to change those around us. And one by one, the change spreads. You are good, and strong, and kind and of value. Make sure your mind chatter is telling you the same thing, or else tell it to STOP, so that you can GO forward.
I can't believe how many of you continue to join in with us each fortnight, thank you all so much for your continued support and we love visiting and checking out all your wonderful creations. Please remember though that the whole point of our challenge is to follow the sketch, of course you can make changes to it but we must still be able to see the original in there somewhere. If your card bears no resemblance to the sketch I'm afraid it will be deleted, I think this is only fair on the other entrants for the prizes.
In 1985 Moe and Younis were detained by the Security Police and in later years Moe tearfully told of how he had been tortured.
“You’re ahead of nine tenths of the rest of us then,” she said.
Me: Bronwen, that is so gross. If your friends find out that you pick your nose and eat the boogers, they won't want to play with you anymore. No one likes to be friends with someone who is disgusting!
Above the golden gravel,
Row 5- (sc in 2sc, 2sc in next) around (12)
For photos of the car being dragged out of the canal, read:
Ten years later Snow Angel was published and won the ForeWord magazine Romance Book of the Year winner, was a National “Best Books 2007” Awards winner, and a 2008 RITA Awards® Best First Book finalist. It was the beginning of her dream
Reply to Objection #4:
It FEELS less safe thanks to a daily diet of child abductions on shows like CSI, and an unsatiable appetite for those same stories –whether in California or Aruba or Portugal – on CNN. On TV, kids are abducted 24/7. But as someone who once wrote to this website pointed out: If a Martian came to earth and asked, “What is life like down here?” we could answer: “Well, do you want to know how 99.99% of people live, or would you like to hear about the other .01% ?” Chances are, he (it?) would say, “The 99.99%.” But when we watch TV — especially the news — we hear about the .01%. Then we turn it off and say, “What an awful world.”
Jackson's always grounded from something. Usually it's his mouth that gets him trouble.
should be attached VERY tightly – barely enough
“Filling out your profile, that’s a behavior LinkedIn wants to motivate. The progress bar is this total insight to your progress as a user,” says game designer Gabe Smedresman, who designed the Facebook game Crazy Boat, and who is working on a social-interaction app called Meet Gatsby. “That taps an innate human desire to complete things, and not leave things undone. That’s what games do—they are systems that give people pleasure.”
What? You mean someone would take a tape and edit it to make Tea Party protesters look like racists? Bull. It's some sort of Fox News/George W. Bush lie.
8. World Downfall
6) An Armada of Modern Day Trojan Horses
Sate Belut ( Eel Satay )
Theresa Musgrove
plus lots of brand spanking new retailers as well
OMG 2 posts in one day?
I also made sure to NOT follow in my footsteps last race and I made sure I warmed up with a small jog and followed by stretching. All that effort paid off.
“Yes,” the word came out in a rush of breath before her mind could even process all he had offered her, what it meant to agree. With one word she had unleashed this monster upon her body. Of this she was well aware, anxious and excited, rather than scared. The only thing, which truly disquieted her was the absolute discrepancy of the matter.
I'll let you in on another really tasty, simple way to prepare it. Wash and dry your asparagus really well. Trim off the woody ends and those bitter little points. Roll it in low fat mayonnaise to coat . . . and then roll it in grated Parmesan Cheese. Place on a buttered sheet of parchment paper you've placed on a baking tray and roast it at a hot temperature (200*C/400*F/ gas 6) for about 8 to 10 minutes (depending on the thickness of the spears) until the cheese is melted, the spears are tender and the whole thing is scrummy, Scrummy, SCRUMMY!
This was built using the coil building technique. I hated it with a passion, and hate this piece as a result. It is nothing like I had designed. And just looks terrible, but I thought I would still through it up here for people to see (I have no clue why though…).
‘Fezariu,’ Jessamine said, reaching out to him instinctively before stopping herself. She hardened her tone. ‘What are you doing here?’
Under the raised chassis at the frotn fo the car are a pair of new turning vanes, not especially clear in the photo, they curve down and outwards, just behind the wishbones.
The Tories are privately less sure than they are publicly, but they do think they have a chance of sneaking a win in Rushmere, and are hopeful that Tory voters in Whitton & Stoke Park will actually turn out for Sandie Doyle and Bob Hall. Worries about losing Holywells have receded over the last few days.
Yes. I should know those men are necessary, shouldn't it ?
Today's card share is a bit out of my comfort zone as it's a C6. I usually do square ones but I bought loads of these last year as they were in a sale. I tend to struggle a bit with layouts for rectangular cards but I really must use them or they weren't such a bargain.
I asked, “No divorce?”
By Drew Gibson
Google will ask whether this is an ecommerce website or not.
Remove from the heat, cool and grind in a spice or coffee grinder. Add the remaining ingredients except for the oil and stir well. Heat the oil in a frying pan and when hot, add the spice mixture and fry for around five minutes until the paste turns darker. Cool and empty into a jar. Store in the refrigerator.
Our hearts are full, our days joy-filled and our lives forever changed...all because of a year ago today.
On Friday Bear received the first two shots. He had a bit of a restless night. Saturday morning the nurse came to the home to administer the next two shots. She asked Bear how he was doing pain wise on a scale of 1 - 10. He said he was at a six. This concerned the nurse as this was only the beginning. My husband does not complain about pain and no he does not have the 'man flu' that would be me. I knew he must be hurting because his 6 would be my 10... or in the case of someone who lives in Spain, an 18. :~)
I haven't had much time to do stuff with a Bachelor's thesis I'm working on all the time now, so not much painting progress and I just didn't have what to post on Monday. I'm clueless on what to post next week as well, but I'll try to think about something. Silly posting schedule!
rare earth metals.
in the soul
I try to forget
Problem was, I couldn't even get that medium shade to show up. I basically had to push it into my crease with a flat shader brush to get any colour payoff. Then I tried layering the deeper shade over the top, and the colour just refused to get any deeper. It seemed like every time I touched my crease colour, the eyeshadow instantly disappeared and I had to start all over again.
A Town Without Christmas ... INSP ... 3 PM
You can also brush it with more olive oil when it has finished cooking to give it a nice shine. Leave to cool on a wire rack. If you can bear to wait, that is…
To ease these newbies in to the world of respectable gaming we chose "Ticket to Ride- Europe". Tap and Maggie learned the rules very quickly, and we launched into the thick of things right off. Oddly, unlike previous games that have been played like four-way solitaire, this game was much more interactive, with people blocking each other off early on and 80% of the first third of the game taking place in France and Italy alone.
That’s when I looked straight into her eyes, “I know you’re hurt. Don’t lie to me about that. I can see it. It’s there. In your eyes.” Yeah. I knew I wasn’t supposed to say that. But hell, I wasn’t supposed to have grabbed her hand, and hauled her outside to see the flowers in the first place. Sometimes, you know. You just have to take the rules people follow and lock them up in a desk drawer for a bit. And do what needs to be done. What should be done. “I love the flowers. Sometimes, I think they’re the only sane thing, the only real thing around here.”
I think I've known Denise for about 7 years, she quickly became involved in local HE politics in North Yorkshire after pulling her son out of school. I know that I liked her immediately - didn't everyone?! She was clearly someone who wasn't going to take any crap, but she had this great diplomatic (yet with a subtle hint of sarcasm) quality about her which was a great combination when dealing with the LA.
Confucius can seem fastidious,a perfectionist: An old, illustrated mural of his life at the temple says he played one song on an instrument for 10 days, though people begged him to stop, until he grasped it. Protocol violations drove him crazy — like vulgar music played at a diplomatic occasion. He hated utensils improperly arrayed. “Have no friends not equal to yourself,” the Master said. He can seem priggish, like when he’s annoyed that people love beautiful girls more than virtue. Yet for Confucius ‘propriety’ wasn’t manners; it was a social contract, personal creed:
This is what dares to call itself Grand Funk Railroad:
187 .. ouch
thanks for dropping by
Ham bone, smoked pork jowl, etc. (any hunk of seasoning meat or soup bone)
She's almost turning over.
When the sun is out and the wind is still,
A newly revamped Experience line up that includes Dave Grohl on drums and John Paul Jones on bass headlines both Lollapalooza and The Horde Festival in back-to-back years. Jimi is declared by Spin magazine as the comeback musician of the year, with Neil Young coming in a close second. They record an album together under the name Secret Agent Man which includes a cover of The Ramones “Blitzkrieg Bop.” The album is a huge success on the alt rock charts, where is reaches #3. Many fans and critics are pleased that Jimi has moved back into the hard rock and guitar-based music that made him famous.
Yes. A friend gave birth this summer, and I have enjoyed several visits with her beautiful baby girl (and her fun, Shark-loving big brother... and their mama, of course!).
Lubbe said that Andries and Deborah's dog had been poisoned a month ago and that Deborah apparently saw a green car hovering in front of the house three days before the attack.
while carrying out his Nightingale survey, to inform Alan and I that he had just had 6 Avocet flying over Collard’s towards Grove. Over half an hour later they flew past us as we entered Marsh hide and dropped in at the Ramp which took us just 10 minutes to get back too. The Avocets stayed a further 10 minutes before flying off towards the coast. an arrival of 20+ Common Terns and Hobby numbers have increased to at least 16 birds. A notable 7 Bullfinches were seen with a pair in the Buddleia, a female by the Oxbow boats and 2 pairs in the ‘Jungle’. A single Ring-necked Parakeet flew over the river and there were
Stand Out Dream Sequence: One dream sequence has a military captain meeting the ghosts of all the soldiers that died under his command. One moment he is walking in front of a tunnel, and suddenly, from inside the darkness of the tunnel all the ghost soldiers come out marching in unison!
cracking open fills the air. Art moves through the rock
A nearby farmer told StreekNuus he hadn’t seen anyone on the farm for the past four weeks, and the animals were not being looked after. They were not being injected and had developed diseases, and no lick had been set out for them. Another farmer told the newspaper that he had crops growing up against the fence between the two farms. The poor animals had stormed the fence to try and obtain moisture from the crops.
What makes the London Marathon so special is the amount of charities it supports. Since it started in 1981, the event has raised over £450 million and holds the Guinness world record as the largest annual fund raising event in the world.
this may interest some of those who need Idea for original Christmas gift.
Wouldn’t you know it, she wouldn’t show it.
Level 30: Weapon ATT: +30, Accuracy: +10%, Proc Rate: 60%, Deals 250% damage 2 times.
detailed budget of Benue
There will be advanced copies of Devil's Kiss for sale and having been fortunate enough to read the book, I would recommend it highly.
So where have I been since October last year? Well, obviously I’ve been right here in Exmouth and I’ve been quite busy; but I don’t particularly feel like telling the world at large what I’ve been up to.
Casting: Many have already commented on how amazing the casting is, and a bunch of racists with poor reading comprehension have denounced it for making brown characters brown, and I’ll do little more than mostly agree with the former and repeat that Jennifer Lawrence was pretty much perfect, as was Woody Harrelson (though under-utilized). The one major exception for me is Liam Hemsworth as Gale, who comes across as far too much of a brooding, hulking, hunky, tough guy out of a typical teen romance instead of a rough-and-tumble, outdoorsy young man with critical political and even revolutionary thoughts. He is the one character whose performance in no way sets up what he becomes in the coming books/films. Both Cato and Kravitz’s Cinna are kind of meh, too, but not bad in a truly striking way like Gale.
Without anymore waiting, here is my belly picture for this week and also some pictures from the Marine Corps Ball.
"I know what that is. It's play-doh!" I said.
Yes, that is blue sky! The rain kept off for most of the day and the sun peeped tentatively from behind scudding clouds but with a chill east wind we were glad we had wrapped up warmly.
Environmentalists say widening of roads near canals has been a blow for the Forest Department as that was the only chunk of land left with them for planting saplings.
Stormy weather comes with its gloom,
IMMEDIATE TASKS FOR REVOLUTIONARY WORKERS IN THE OWS MOVEMENT!
whao I rarely get excited when I see a new lookbook (maybe it's cause I'm always so busy or maybe I'm just a big a-hole) but when I saw this on BecauseImAddicted I had an instant urge to repost this GOOD ASS styling....
The Obama Clone denied this decision was over Arpaio’s recent press conference accusing the original President of forging his birth certificate and selective service card, and using a social security number not his.
Dec. 9th is the last day we could legally get an abortion in our state. This vote will remain open until 2 days prior to allow for the procedure if decided.
I am very much into tent cards at the moment, so I thought it would be nice to make one with a cross aperture. I have had the cross design for a while, and until now have just cut crosses to use as embellishments, but thought it would be good to adapt it to make the card with.
Shall get linked up and so hope not to get distracted in blog land, with all those gorgeous creations, as I am one tired girl lol! DH has already gone to bed and I promised I would only be another half hour lol!
It’s good that Mrs Brick appears to have an outstanding amount of self-confidence, it’s something that a lot of woman (myself included) are lacking in. I think if anything, women should take the article, and Brick herself, and simply say “I look better than that”. Soon enough we’ll be seeing plenty of other inspiring articles about how “There are downsides to looking this pretty”.
The precise opposite, and potentially in conflict with the need for Certainty. The need to feel that life is interesting, diverse, exciting and challenging.
Last weekend we set off, map in hand, to explore hitherto unknown to us parts of the 17th arrondissement. And along the way, we saw quite a few interesting sights.
Yet, even when we remove survival or the geographical politics of war, it seems as though we strive to create divisions and isolate ourselves in the warm comfort of factions. Recall, yesterday’s post: we don’t want to find the best way, we want our way to be best. And we’ll segregate and re-define the world until that’s possible. It’s easier to exclude those with different perspectives than to consider the validity of their ideas or allow them to help improve our thinking.
By ingratiating himself with Gray as he set out to discredit and destroy him, Felt expected that when Gray was passed over by Nixon, he would recommend to Nixon that he appoint his loyal deputy, Felt, as director. Even if cynical and vicious, the scheme was clever.
Four skins later, and Ms Avins had enough hide to make her vest.
these words to be written
A3 B.M.T. 3:37
Then I masked off the table tops and sprayed the body of the tables ivory. After that had thoroughly dried, I hand-distressed with some fine sandpaper until some of the gray primer showed through in places and on the edges.
(I know these pictures kind of make him look like a girl, but each month has a theme and April is Easter!)
Menu & Beverage Pairings:
Also why does it tell me that I could be getting more fiber even though I already get tons? “Eat more grains”. Um…I eat some form of high fiber grains at each meal – unless I’m calculating the serving sizes wrong it just wants me to eat bigger portions? Basically I eat brown rice or occasionally brown pasta with lunch and dinner, and sometimes some sort of sandwich with whole grain bread as a snack. Plus a small portion of whatever I had for dinner the night before as breakfast (I don’t like most Western breakfast foods, other than oatmeal).I’m confused – how in the hell could I be getting MORE grains? Also why doesn’t it let you indicate that you’re consuming whole grains rather than the processed white versions? Makes a big difference nutritionally, that.
The Albany Patch reported the Occupy response:
As many of you know, I have a very strange and rare disease that affects my bladder. The disease seems to be somewhere in an undiagnosed limbo in between chronic pain and a disease called interstitial cystitis.
The reason for the move was a culmination of events, but the crux of the matter is that Bro finally decided he hated his mother. To me this is sad, part of me has this feeling of, "you get what you deserve, b**ch." and part of me feels sad for Bro that he and his mother are estranged from each other, because I don't care how old you get, you still need your mom. (yes, I know some mom's don't deserve that, but from a purely 'perfect world' perspective, we all need our moms).
The Boers have had their own self governed independent republics in the past in Southern Africa & have been struggling for their independence since at least 1795.
This month's Yen has just come out and has an interview that co and I did with Yen's editor Annie Sebel. We met her at Black Star pastries for some yummy sweets and coffee and had a chat about just winning the British Council's Realise Your Dream Award, how we work together, the occasional screaming matches that come with being sisters and how our high school art teacher introduced us to Neil Gaiman's Sandman comics and led us on our path to becoming designers.
4. Ceremony (2nd Version)
Yellow warnings for heavy droughts are in place for the south and east of England, southern Wales, London and the Midlands.
Earlier in May when the SEALs killed Osama bin Ladin in military town of Abottabad, Pakistani officials demanded the US to vacate Shamsi, but this time with the deadline of December 11, the US is reportedly preparing to leave the base. CIA ran the drone operations from there targeting militants in the tribal areas. However, the base is no longer in use as it ceased in April, and the closure will not affect militarily.
The layoffs don’t become effective Oct. 1, 2011, but the Office of Employee Wellness has created a site on the Internet, as well as the Intranet, to provide staff with information about layoff plans, resources, services, seminars and an explanation of and answers to frequently asked questions about the SROA process. The site will be updated routinely throughout the layoff process.
To which I am addicted.
Yup, it's that tough. Despite the fact oral chemo or radiotherapy can be just as physically devastating as IV, one meant you got unconditional support, the other meant you had to attend work related interviews!! Yup, seriously. No, I'm not making it up.
At the beginning of this year as I started to think and plan for Knitty Bitties my biggest goal was to create a more cohesive look and style for the products in my shop. I didn't want to limit the items I created, to say 2 or 3 products, but I did want all of my product look like it went together.
Subway Stations (part b)
Since its inception, the IFMCA has grown to comprise over 50 members from countries as diverse as Australia, Belgium, Canada, Cyprus, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and the United States of America.
Dr Horst Bumba’s report also described that all her front teeth were bashed out and that her entire body was ‘covered in bruises, chafing and stabbing wounds. Her sexual parts were mutilated extensively also internally. Dr Bomba was unable to find the unmarried Afrikaans woman’s uterus or cervix (womb). He described these extreme injuries as 'having been caused by very clear penetration with a sharp object’. Due to the extreme injuries, Dr Bumba was unable to determine whether she had been raped.
I will announce the winner on Friday, March 23rd!
It’s incredibly subtle and deeply rooted that it takes a lot of introspection to observe it. It’s the perfect prison – one you can’t see, smell or touch.
I should trust myself more. This is a challenge because I haven’t been very self-aware in the past. I think this is linked to my devaluation of my self-worth. Due to my abuse I haven’t felt that I was very valuable, so trusting my own feelings over other’s opinions still is a challenge. So maybe this is God telling me to use the gift of wisdom he has given me. Maybe my reluctance to continue therapy with T is His way of telling me that I need to find someone else.
So here is how we supersized. Shauna (my client) drew a 1x1' grid lightly on the wall. I took a picture of the segment of the Schumacher Chiang Mai Dragon we wanted to used and drew a grid over it to match the one on the wall. We then drew it in block by block. Sorry this photo stinks...
3 stalks green onion, cut into 1” pieces
Me #1: Hmm. I guess I could do that.
Always a great selection of exhibitors, demonstrations, and stalls to buy from. My 4 year old son has to be dragged away from the cheese producers freebies, and we always succumb to either the hot pork rolls or the Thai dishes and soups.
Grate 1 1/2 tsp zest from the lemon and squeeze 1 tbsp juice into a small bowl. Add the fennel seeds, salt, pepper, garlic and oil and stir to combine. Place the pork in a roasting pan and rub all over with the spice mixture. Let stand at room temperature for 5 minutes, or cover and refrigerate up to overnight.
struggling inwardly for composure, I asked quietly for his kardex.......
The most recent addition. I just added this bistro chair to the side of the entry table. I am low on flowers in the garden so I cut some of my fresh lavender and put it in this sweet small pitcher. It smells great too.
- You may enter as many times as you want, there is no limit; however, you may not link back to old posts
1. Trying BIG new things which necessitate one jumping feet first into the OMIGOSH-I-HAVEN'T-EVER-NEVER-THOUGHT-I-COULD-DIDN'T-THINK-I-EVER-WOULD-BUT-I'M-GONNA-DO-IT-ANYWAY-OMIGOSH pool. It's deep in here, and I like it.
Leather and wool are my downfall when it comes to shopping for clothes, and those are the only things I am willing to pay premium price for. I don't particularly like silk and linen, which I find really difficult to care for and while I try to buy organic cotton whenever possible, but I don't really get frustrated if I don't. I am however a little embarrass to admit that I'm rather fond of quick-drying polyester and the whole cotton/poly/tencel blend is a life-saver when traveling.
If you notice any other links misbehaving do let me know and I'll fix them too. Incidentally, I'm aware that many of the old Rapidshare links are now defunct; if there are any tracks you're particularly after let me know and I'll repost.
Instead of bumping into things
If this was art, it is equal to having Adolf Hitler perform a Jewish wedding. Would really love to hear your views on this subject.
I love your Eskimo kisses,
So I thought that maybe we could continue with what we were doing. But it was taking it's toll on me and I was neglecting Little E, because I had to spend extra time every day with Miss K. Then she starting slipping again and we were headed downhill. It wasn't surprising, since we'd been there before.
Per serving: (1 tomato)
The value of the debt paper sales is widely ranging from $10 million issued by Sarana Bina to $2 billion for sale by PLN. Yet in overall, the raised fund from the corporate actions is expected a minimum of $2.67 billion or 22.46 trillion rupiah. That amount may contribute to an increase by 35 percent by the end of this year at a value of 49.47 trillion rupiah ($5.81 billion) compared to 2010.
I don’t write very much anymore about living where we live (low-income housing, refugees for neighbors) because it doesn’t seem safe. But I will say that there are many, many sad things going on all the time. Some times I can shove it down, and other times I can’t. I have been grateful for this column-writing-experience because it has forced me to look at the situation square in the eye. And, no surprise here, I have been found wanting.
People Power! Immortal Technique on 9/11, abuse of power and religion as control The Making of American Foreign Policy “Primordialism” and the decline of human culture House Overwhelmingly Votes to Advance Iran Sanctions the radioactive nature of jewish thinking–transforming the garden of eden into the little shop of horrors If Americans Knew – what every American needs to know about Israel/Palestine Layoff Notices Sent to Thousands of US Teachers
Hidden in the lush, green hills of the Northern Rivers, Bangalow is a writer’s and foodie's delight. Just minutes from Byron Bay, this inviting hinterland village is where rural wholesomeness meets big city sophistication with CWA stalls and old-fashioned hardware and bric-a-brac stores rubbing shoulders with chic boutiques, cool cafes and gorgeous galleries.
charmed people even though they were rich
The suit says that the Commissioners “did not explain how their finding that a $2.88 billion cost was acceptable could be squared with their previous finding that there is no evidence to support a cost of over $2.4 billion.”
This new blog is to pay homage to the fact that life happens. And rarely according to plan, particularly ours. I believe that God has a plan for us all, though, and sometimes that means stops, yields and complete detours on the paths we set out upon in order to remain in accordance with His will.
As you know for me there is no separation between the mundane and the sacred. One of recurring themes in my life is house work. You know how many times you wash the dishes or sweep the floor it all has to be done again. For me I sweep our little living room at least once a day and some times much, much more. I can either choose to look at this as a chore and be grumpy about it or I can treat it like a sacred task.
I don’t want to bore the non-parent with details as to how it is done. Actually I do. Basically, you let the baby associate the fresh air on their privates with elimination. The baby learns not to pee when he’s clothed. Send a self-addressed stamped envelop with £5 or $8 to Lewis Schaffer, “That Crazy Dad”, Nunhead and I will email you how it’s done.
Ever seen the NPR tiny desk series? These are bands who typically take command of a stage with amps, effects, roadies, and seething throngs of supporters. But instead, they are taking command of a room the size of my kitchen for a group of about 25. The result? Well, as long as the artist is worth a damn (think, the idea) it works at any scale. Is it different than the full-blown stage experience? Hell yeah. Is it as good or better? Certainly to the 25 people in the room it's better. Their expectations have been set for exclusive. intimate. Lo-Fi. And for the rest of us, watching at home, it's still pretty killer – thanks to NPR's broadcasting expertise.
Other men can mix things up and still stay on course and keep the woman engaged.
Who asked God if He would provide for her if she gave the last $1000 of her savings to build a home for Maria, her mother and their caretaker? This sister.
Chicken Tikka Masala has a long and complicated history that has undefined origins and vague specifications for “traditional recipe.” You know what? If you really want to read about it click here. Unfortunately for Weight Watchers members, Indian food isn’t the healthiest thing that ever roamed the planet, so generally, I avoid it. Until…I discovered Coconut Creamer by So Delicious. So Delicious is a brand of all natural, dairy free coconut milk based out of Eugene, OR. Woo-hoo! LOCAL- I love it.
I can say that it fulfilled my expectations, the color is awesome and the blue shimmer is pretty visible on the nail.
A number of questions arise: why are breweries bothering?; who's drinking this stuff?; is it any good?; does this signal the end of civilization? All worthy of response, and I shall come to them in due time. But first, let's review why these damnable beers exist in the first place.
“We’re doing those things to allow DailyFeats to live wherever people are experiencing life day to day,” Gidwaney adds.
U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta warned North Korea not to engage in any further provocation.
And, what I have learned is that if I say something is giving me "a little bit of anxiety," it means that it's a knots in my stomach, heart palpitations kind of "little bit of anxiety."
3. A Food Diary Chart to assist you in determining how many servings you will be allowed daily in each food group. (downloadable upon purchase of the EZ Weight Complete Package)
In another bowl, whisk milk mixture, oil, and banana then stir into dry ingredients. Stir in chocolate chips.
It's a nice small size that can fit in anywhere. I think I'll put it in the master bedroom (it works!). There is a streak on the cast iron base that I thought would scrub right off. But it didn't. I wonder if it's some kind of varnish... and using a stiffer remover would also remove the paint. So, I'm leaving it there as a testimony to her hard life.
And looks absolutely darn right fantastic.
when the sculpturer drives
Maritess: Not yet.
Rita
Pale/Amber Ales
I’d use our schools to teach one generation of Americans that our factories and our cars will cause a new Ice Age, and I’d muster a straight face so I could teach the next generation that they’re causing Global Warming.
The chocolate roll out cookies are fun to. The first year that I made them I decorated them a lot. My sister's and mom sampled them and said they taste better plain. I just added a blob of chocolate frosting and added a pearl sprinkle to the angles and an m&m to the others.
One-Layer Wednesday 87, which closes in about thirty minutes, is to make a one-layer card that is not square or rectangular. I used this fabulous teacup template from Paperlicious Designs, which I cut out by hand. The inside of the handle was fussy to cut out, but worth it, I think. The only change to the design was to cut the bottom of the card straight across instead of curved so it would stand up better. I used Stampin' Up Baby Blossoms for the flowers.
Dies & Punches: Nestabilities & Martha Stewart
Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies: Thou anointest my head with oil; my cup runneth over.
My hubby loves these cookies ! I've tried different types he always asks for chocolate chip " cuz you make the best" . So try them see what you think...
As always, if you want to leave a comment, please do so below. Share the blog with your friends, family, and yes, even your enemies. I’m found on Facebook, Twitter, Google +, and via e-mail at dpitsiladis@gmail.com.
It wasn't until Mo met Shawn that she learned about Corky's Curse, more fondly known as “the-you-know-what.” Now, the big concern for Mo wasn't the bumps in the night but what could happen or will happen at Wren's House. The newest local restaurant her father has worked so hard to put together for her and her sister.
This is another personal favorite movie of mine and a film I have written about in previous articles. It is Alexander Korda’s “The Thief of Bagdad.” Indian actor, Sabu, stars as the eponymous thief, Abu, who winds up helping the disgraced King of Bagdad (John Justin) escape from jail and together they go on a great adventure to reclaim the kingdom from the evil vizier, Jaffar (Conrad Veidt). The King, Ahmad, falls in love with the Princess of Basra (June Duprez) and this slows down their adventure. Abu wants to keep moving and sail the seven seas looking for adventure, but Ahmad only wants the Princess. Jaffar also connives to get the Princess and soon Ahmad is cursed with blindness and Abu is maliciously transformed into a dog while Jaffar commits murder and kidnaps the Princess. Blue roses of forgetfulness, mechanical flying horses, magic storms, a genie (Rex Ingram), flying carpets, a mythical city guarding the All-Seeing-Eye, and a fight with a giant spider are all lobbed at the audience. If you want fantasy, you surely got it here. If you want adventure, look no further. “The Thief of Bagdad” is a fun movie with wonderful colors, groundbreaking special effects that changed filmmaking, great music, fun characters, and an entertaining story cleverly told half through flashback. Like “Sleeping Beauty,” this film throws the audience for another loop. The main love interest between Ahmad and the Princess is never as fun or as fascinating as Abu’s plot so the film makes a twist about halfway through and suddenly makes the sidekick the main character and hero (1985′s “Ladyhawke” also pulls the same trick of making the sidekick the central focus). Abu must go on more adventures and become Master of the Universe if he is to save his friends from Jaffar’s executioner. “The Thief of Bagdad” has everything someone looking for a great escape could ask for. Considering the escape from World War II people might have been seeking in 1940, this film probably came out at just the right time. Roger Ebert ranks it highly and I can’t blame him. “The Thief of Bagdad” is a perpetual pleasure and first class fantasy adventure.
Some of my favourite flavours together, the monkfish was tender and full of flavour and perfectly complimented by the smokey chorizo oil that coated the butter beans.
"I know the type," I interjected, mostly to give Uncle Slappy a chance to catch his breath.
"It is not okay to draw Jacob Zuma with a shower on his head."
Joel: There are really only three characters in the book, but my favorite is Tommy's friend, Vince, who is Cambodian-American with a prosthetic leg who also plays football. I based Vince's personality on a childhood friend of mine, who seemed to effortlessly bridge the gap between the 'jocks' and the 'band geeks' of our school.
The February 2012 report is different from the recent pattern. The January 2012 report showed that 1.177 million people were added to the “not in labor force” category. The February 2012 report shows a decrease of 310,000 in the same category. That’s quite a turnaround. Let’s look closer.
I decided not to mat & layer my photograph this time, instead I simply glued it on of of the paper layers. Like a lot of designer scrapbook paper on the market, there was a very pretty & coordinating strip of pattern at the bottom of the sheet that we would trim off. I chose to use this on my page, it's the narrow strip of floral paper, which I tied a bow of 'bakers twine' too before gluing in place, this tiny strip of paper worked well on the page because it contained a hint of orange, which tied in nicely allowing me to use orange on the little 'American Crafts' embellishment.
Okay, not really. But she likes to daydream she’s all of those things and more. So when she wakes up with a medieval knight aiming his sword at her throat, Jessica thinks it’s just another daydream. Until she realizes that, 1- dude is actually causing her neck to bleed, 2- her dress is so hideous she never would have daydreamed herself into it, and 3- Zac Efron is nowhere in sight.
The interior is very rustic in a cutesy folk meets french cosmo kinda way. I liked the wall paper so much I'm thinking of using it for my laptop...they should put it on their website...or does noone do desktop-wallpapers anymore?
So anyway, Happy April!
If you made it this far, than I guess I should tell you the real reason I work so much... you see, I just want to keep buying my wine!!! Without it, I don't know where'd I be...lol.. Oh, and I get to buy some liquor too..you know, to make some martini's on those extra special nights!!
My kids work HARD. They know how to work. They know what I expect. They don't always give 100% all the time... and they know that I am really not happy with them when they don't give me their all.
I wanted to share this story with my old readers and new readers alike, because that’s what I’m doing here, sharing my story and my journey. But I also wanted to share this story because I want to remind anyone reading to listen to your intuition. Pay attention to signs. The universe tells us things, subtly sometimes, and it’s our job to take note.
i know that kind of sounds impossible, but it's been that kind of busy. so hopefully i'll actually post more than an 'ahhhh we're so busy' kind of a post.
The other bottle was something of a mystery. Port Jeff is a small brewpub on the north coast of Long Island. They have seven regular beers, but Cold North Wind barley wine isn't one of them. Richard didn't know if the bottle he got was new, aged or what: just that the proprietor was keen for him to have it.
I think he is truly beautiful.
I don’t do a lot of scolding. I don’t call her a naughty girl (unless I’m kidding) and I don’t usually express a lot of anger. If I AM angry, I figure I’m expressing it by the spanking. I know some couples do find that scolding helps, but we choose not to. We talk ahead of time to make sure she’s clear as to why she’s getting spanked because I find she’s often unclear. Sometimes I tell her what I expect of her and why she’s getting this spanking and how I want for things to be different.
April Template Challenge - I am hosting the template challenge this month. Download the template, use it and earn points towards free kits in the With Love Studio shop.
Unemployment… to this CRISIS by (among MANY other things) dumping 5-6
“Riley, stop spacing out. Eat your food,” Nico scolded.
Info sessions in C-101 Padelford: Tues 4/10 at 12:30 & Thurs 4/12 at 3:30
And I ate the Hot Pockets. It was everything I hoped for and more. It was bliss.
I made a decision quick, yes, my fault but disappoint many, I had to see only one friend, thirty minutes and there the journey upcountry had to begin. Away from the rain, time to travel again, looking outside the window, “thats my favourite position, sometimes i dont even board if there is no chair near the window”, alright, and off to my world of thoughts…
Peace…
Mussolini's granddaughter Alessandra, a far-right member of the Italian parliament, denounced the ad. continues here
This genius has found all the crazy pins on Pinterest and put them in one spot.
What a lovely day and night. The drive to work held an hour worth of Espanol for Gringos. Is it sinking in? What did I learn? Unfortunately un poquito. I did learn that Rosetta Stone totally immerses the student in Spanish with no English words.
Recently, I went to a casino to celebrate my friend's birthday. I should have written this while everything was still fresh in my mind from that experience because I now feel like I will have trouble putting into words my thoughts on the experience. But I will try because it was such an impacting experience for me. As well, for anyone who wonders, I have asked my friend if he minds me writing this, and he does not.
DANCEKOOL 26 is back in May 13th 2012!!
The real stand-out for this flick though is Ellen Page here as Hayley, aka every pedophiles worst enemy. Page is amazing here because she totally makes us think twice about her in every way. There are moments where a lot of the things she does is very questionable (honestly, how could a person plan out something like this so perfectly?) but she seems so hip, smart, and intelligent for her age that it’s also quite believable. She’s a chick that always seems one step ahead of Jeff, and even the audience, and it’s also one of those performances where Page really seems like she’s too smart for anybody’s good. She practically commands every scene and never loses sight of what this script and film was trying to say and convey.
Her family lives in Dothan Alabama, and that's why she's here-It's hard to live in New York with no job and no money, so she moved back to her home town to get her feet back on the ground. Her family is rather peculiar, being of Irish descent and a prior military family. Her father settled in the local area after his military career where he completed a second career as a local police officer and detective. Her mother has worked on and off over the years whenever need but mostly just spends her time supporting the local Catholic Church and perfecting her superpower.
b - brave
Sometimes I'm somewhat embarrassed by the mistakes and feel the need to correct them, even though I know the recipient knew exactly what I was trying to say.
11. One Of These Days 9:02
Another factor was age. Leah is 4 years older than me and for developing children that’s huge. We didn’t relate much. We were always in different stages, with different interests. She was into modelling and performing, I was super shy and reserved (weird right?) I liked barbies, she hated them. In fact, she liked to shave their heads and shove them under my dresser leaving the feet sticking out, so I could see them but not get them out. Leah did some cruel things and never let me forget her dislike of me. Often she would pinch me hard and not fess up when I cried, or threaten me over telling on her for anything she had done that was mean or wrong.
Below is a picture of the blush open so you can see the color
These were just a small few of the many classes offered at the MAHSC. The program is designed for professionals, but is open to everyone and is held each year at the end of January or in early February. If you would like to consider attending next year, like MAHSC on Facebook for updates.
Google, Facebook, Skype and other local Internet companies contacted by the Mercury News declined to comment on the proposal. But Jeff Chester, executive director of the Center for Digital Democracy, a group that promotes the rights and interests of online consumers, said it “would give away the digital keys to our consumer data kingdom.”
Mr. Papoutsis’resignation caused today’s mini reshuffle. A reshuffle that caused a lot of speculation not so much for the “new arrivals” but for what it means in connection with the national elections that are often spoken of but not for a specific date.
When we arrived, we were a little early and the main tent hadn't opened yet, but the space was already thronging with people. What was the deal? I overheard someone talking about getting their tickets through Living Social, an online site for crowdsourced discounts, and understood immediately how and why the overall scene was much different from last year. Last year's group of people were primarily associated with the food industry, or the sustainable ag community, or just really into the restaurants/wineries/distilleries that were being featured. The overall effect for the previous event was a group of afficionados who felt privileged to be at an "Event Celebrating the Cause." This year, it was more like being at a tourist attraction. The Living Social ticket included an early arrival with a pre-event, cut-the-line bus pass for an additional fee. That explained that.
At one point during the ultrasound I noticed that she was measuring this large, blank space at the back of the baby's head and neck about a zillion times. I finally asked her what she was measuring. Looking back on it, she acted awkward, uncomfortable, and worried. And I totally missed it. She told me it was just part of the body and shrugged it off. And I bought it. Ruben and I both looked at each other like, that's weird, but were too enamored to give it more thought.
13. Typical Words
Next thing is the color. The immediate go-to is black and I advise against this. I fall into the Italian mindset that black shoes are only appropriate for a wedding or a funeral. Unless you need some patent-leather to go with your tux, you can always wear a dark brown. Brown shoes will look great with the blue or grey suit you wore and they will add variety and color that will make you stand out in a dignified way. The go-to-hell colors can be saved for your socks or casual shoes. I recommend a dark brown or something like a cognac.
The mainstream electronic and print media gives space or airtime to only the government. The opposition is not given equal space or airtime. And if the opposition is given space or airtime, the ‘offending’ news agencies will lose their licence.
Teens have been my passion since I taught back in the mid- 90's but I guess I always thought my connection with them was completely based on the fact that being right out of college, there weren't all that many years between us. But when my own children became tweens and the conversations would go from in front of the TV to around the kitchen table WITH ME... I realized they can sense how much I love them without me even having to do anything special. Just listen, be my goofy self and let them BE who they are.
coming down
A rather unpleasant weekend the other week. Woken in the middle of Friday night by an agitated stomach, I ended up spending all of Saturday and most of Sunday in bed or in the bathroom. As I lay on there on Saturday morning I was fearing the worst and considering the possibility of swine flu: aching limbs? – Check!, High temperature? – Check! Upset stomach? – Check! But then……Sore Throat?…erm no! Sneezes? Ermmmm no again. Whatever it was it wasn’t swine flu but it laid me low and buggered off just in time for me to to go to work on Monday morning. I was knackered though and when I got home I had a bit of tea (dinner) and then went to bed at 7:00pm. I woke at 7:30am a different man. I wonder how many others have got it and claimed they had succumbed to the pandemic?
I really noticed my own “whoosh” when I was going through a divorce a few years ago. It was a difficult process because my ex was angry at me for leaving. His emails negotiating terms often had a bitter and sarcastic edge. I would see his name in my in-box and WHOOSH, a flush through my chest, my face would get hot and I’d feel butterflies (no, something bigger, maybe gila monsters) in my stomach. I’d read the email and I’d have an immediate nasty response. Or I’d want to run away all together.
Ahhh, Newfoundland. The place where they're never stuck for a few colourful words.
It's paralyzing, and agonizing that these people, who aren't worth my time, have gotten so far under my skin.
For some reason, Saturday felt like the right time to tackle the project. When the basement cleaning muse visits, don't say no. That's my advice.
Liz Lukens ... Christmas tree shopper
I honored Don Meredith simply because he cracked me up. Not just on MNF , but even on something as ridiculous as those Lipton Iced Tea commercials he used to do. Nothing profound about my admiration for Don Meredith. I read his obituary and said to myself, "Oh, I have to mention this on my blog!" When I read Elizabeth Edwards' obituary, while saddened a bit, I didn't feel the same need. I couldn't remember her ever having piqued my interest.
1. Murad Active Radiance Serum with Resilient-C™ Complex
HOLLY GOLDBERG SLOAN (The Big Green)
As for electricity, my parents are very eco- conscious and very much trying to wean themselves off the grid as much as possible. They have installed a wind turbine and a solar system. They are hooked up to batteries that store the energy of the sun and the wind, which makes it handy when the conventional electrical grid falls-like it did this weekend.
I know it has been forever since I've updated our blog. Everything is so crazy right now. The Roberts that I work at is closing so I'm working a lot more hours than usual because the store has been crazy busy! Joe is still working and going to school and trying to adjust to my many pregnant woman mood swings. :-) With only 7 weeks left, we finally got the crib up and Joe was so awesome and rearranged the room so that the baby could have her own room. It feels so good to have the crib up! Even if the room is bare, she still has somewhere to sleep!
I will be using my crossword puzzle stamp more on my layouts.
The strictly unofficial Red Bridge Autumn Ceremony takes place near the Red Bridge itself and involves flowers and the reading of the classical poem to celebrate the Slender West Lake. Both P and I had been put to translating it - only four lines, but heavily rhymed, with seven characters per line, which could be translated as seven stresses in English terms. The poem was read, and P and I read our translations while clutching little bouquets of grass. Two beautifully dressed, beautiful girls performed a lotus petals ceremony. People sang, then off we went on a boat trip to another garden and another mansion, a special guided tour with more zither music on the boat. We cruise along the Slender West Lake past banks of bamboo, past willows, past little islands and moor at another formal garden built by another rich businessman. Rich businessmen seem to have built everything. A beautiful girl gives us a beautiful tour that ends up in a high pavilion overlooking the lake while more beautiful girls in even more beautiful costumes play flutes and lutes and zithers.
PJ denies the existence of a new lead regarding Maddie's whereabouts
Israeli settlement activity is a major barrier to our pursuit of a lasting peace agreement in the Middle East. Settlements are not only illegal under international law and in direct contravention of Israel’s Roadmap commitments, but more practically they represent an attempt to create ‘facts on the ground’ which make a two-state solution harder to achieve."
Jeff Hunt (REP) 14.09% 13,206
MY STORY IN A NUT SHELL: Motivated by the time I spent living and working at children’s homes in Ethiopia, Kenya, and Tanzania, I am committed to keeping mothers alive to care for their families. Plain and simple: with mom’s around fewer babies will die. That’s what I want.
Until then.
4. Then pull sides snug in and safety pin. Work your way to the back (or zipper).
IIAMORPM- is it am or pm.
The only valid path for us now is to stand aside while it all crumbles away. Let those who continue to fantasize about a republic which never was throw themselves into that self-defeating breach. Save them if they are willing to learn, but let them go if they won’t. Eventually, evolution will do what it always does, which is to correct error and reward, in its painful way, reality and truth.
Some people say that such movements are at least a step in the right direction, perhaps a way station on the path to an ethnonationalism, but they are more likely, in my opinion, to divert people away, and to trap them in a cul-de-sac.
Next, measure out your liquid. This will be double the amount of oats that you put in your bowl. Now, this is where you can start to get creative. Most of the time I just combine 1/2 cup of oats with 1 cup of water, but you could do 1/2 cup of milk (almond, cow, soy, etc…) with 1/2 cup of yogurt for extra thick and creamy overnight oats. You could even use some pasturized egg whites to get some protein. Do whatever your taste buds desire!
If I could give one directive in the political party this MP belongs to, I would ban him from participating in public protests in future. That is to protect his personal integrity as well as the image of the party. I don’t think the guy is able to control himself in a huge crowd in public.
1 tsp baking powder/”soda”
their red stems holding
I had a strange realisation too regarding the ritual of doing a task again and again, be it meditation, morning pages, songwriting, guitar playing, cooking, anything. When you start writing songs, every one of them seems a unique and separate entity. You pay inordinate amounts of attention to every detail and the songs themselves do not always flow out of you because you are still battling with a degree of perfectionism.
These issues are very real to our town.
After the wedding, Chef and I went to his restaurant to listen to a band play and hang out before we went home. Chef was our DD, and I was pretty set on free wedding drinks (read: I was tipsy. Maybe bordering on drunk. But not crazy drunk or anything.). Turns out, the band was my absolute favorite local band, so I was a very happy camper.
Jennifer Lopez – in Zuhair Murad (but worried on how it would look in real life his beading usually doesn’t look nice judging from gowns I saw in Zuhair Murad Boutique from previous collections)
downpour, accompanied by
I can't believe I came home to find my car keyed
I believe it is referring to the time when the Chretien Liberals increased the number of points an immigrant needed to immigrate to Canada as a way to reduce the backlog in one fell swoop by disqualifying an increased percentage of applicants. Threatened legal action stopped that and the madness continued, the backlog kept growing, and we Canadians were basically told by non-citizens that we have no legal right to control our border.
I know that there is a lot out there about what it means to be an entrepreneur, including plenty of case studies and real-life examples. What I find most fascinating are the characteristics of people who excel as entrepreneurs.
Responding to recent press releases and media reports, in which California health officials say the state is experiencing the worst whooping cough outbreak in 50 years with about 1500 reported cases and six infants dying from B. pertussis, 4 on July 28 Dr. Snyderman offered the following explanation:
After two very busy weeks, we have a third very busy week – but a week that winds up before the semester pretty much comes to an end while we wait for the summer concert season to start with the Bach Dancing and Dynamite Society, the Madison Early Music Festival, Opera in the Park and the Token Creek Chamber Music Festival and other groups or performers.
He "has contact with" many large publishing and production companies.
Jo! Jo! Jo! The master rapscallion’s carefully crafted, wicked scheme seems to have had the unintended outcome, and perhaps, this is the turning point in Jin Haeng and Soo Hyun’s relationship, professional or otherwise …
So here’s how I made the chicken stock, a clear or white stock (as opposed to it’s dark beef or veal sisters). I chose it because I use it a lot and chicken wings are a heck of a lot easier to find than fish heads. Rent a good movie (again, I recommend The Soloist) and make yourself a stock too. Put it in your freezer, in manageable qualities and see how much better your dishes turn out. Go ahead. I dare you.
Brian Worley has a fabulous blog and was featured on “The Doctors” today with his “Top Cinco” tips – check it out !!!
“That’s a really good idea,” said Jim.
Let stand for a few minutes. Turn bundt pan upside down on cookie sheet (I used a pizza stone) and layer 8 slices of Mozzarella cheese around the top of "cake". Turn oven onto broil- melt the cheese until golden.
If you're like me, you get fairly invested in blogs...more specifically, a blogger's home and life. (Megan said it quite nice in this post about how home bloggers are opening their homes, and therefore, their hearts.) So if my blogger friend (because if I'm reading that blog regularly, I consider them a friend) posts about a project, I think about it in my regular life. And if they don't go back to the project for awhile, I wonder how it's coming along.
Garden of Eden:
Basic Grey "Pyrus" - Bradford Paper (Scraps)
Peter Schiff: As long as the world is willing to hoard dollars and prop up the US economy, they can keep it going for a while, yes. But the more money the world lends America, the more money the world will lose, because we are not going to pay anybody back.
One of the best things about Tuesday night was the way the team chased the AC Milan players and won the ball so early. Rosicky and Oxlade-Chamberlain charged out of our half like guard dogs defending the driveway of a stately home. Milan looked mystified as we swarmed around them. It all begged the question – why don’t we do this every week?
or a musician actiing in the role of a statistician
Great advice!
Keep oven running.
That song pretty much said everything about how I feel about ...well, you're a sharp cookie. And in my moments of despair, that's exactly what I want to do.
Gogo’s Crazy Bones are small, colorful, figurines with endless gaming, collecting and learning possibilities. Developed by Magic Box International and PPI Worldwide Group and distributed in the US by JDNA, the collectable sensation has taken the toy market by storm, topping collectables sales charts around the world. Players will find Gogo’s Crazy Bones the game jam-packed with more than 70 puzzles and 30 favorite Gogo’s to collect, each one with a unique name, design, personality and special ability. Unlock five Gogo’s in every level as you take on popular Gogo’s games like Knock Out, Battle and Basket Attacks. Earn stars and unlock rewards as you explore interactive environments from the bus stop
The Midnight Purple Nintendo 3DS, offered at a suggested retail price of $169.99 in the United States, becomes the fifth color in the always-stylish Nintendo 3DS color palette, joining Cosmo Black, Aqua Blue, Flame Red and Pearl Pink. Now fans have another option to customize the look of their systems to suit their individual styles and personalities.
In Scary Movie, a teenage dork named Warren is on his way with some friends to a spooky Spook House on Halloween Night! While the friends seem excited to enter the Spook House, Warren however is not at all excited to enter because he is extremely paranoid about everything around him. When poor ol' Warren hears that a psychopathic killer named John Louis Barker is on the loose and near the Spook House, Warren's paranoia grows higher and when he enters the spook house, a man in a ghoulish costume is chasing him all over the place. Could this man in the ghoulish costume be John Louis Barker?
Anyway, Walker's has been around for years and continues to be a favorite! Collin had the soft shell crab special, and I enjoyed the veal with crabmeat and risotto. Oh, and we couldn't go without getting the delicious tamales for appetizer. YUM is all I have to say :) If you're ever in Jackson, you must go!
So tonight I cleaned out the fridge and made punch. I had 4 partial bottles of various sweet wines that I had tried, one was apple-maple, one was chamomile, one was blackberryish, and the other a merlot. I dumped them all in a gallon jug with a spigot on it and added a bottle of cherry cider from Trader Joe's! Only 1/3 was wine and the rest cherry cider--Voila, punch with a little punch! Enough to make a wine connoisseur cringe--I wouldn't make a steady diet of it, but it will give me a little evening sip.
Yunel Escobar had 3 RBI night as did Edwin. Arencibia and Johnson both had 2. Romero had a slightly off night but the bats picked him up.
Whew! That’s a lot to think about!
There are three sources of belief: reason, custom, inspiration. The Christian religion, which alone has reason, does not acknowledge as her true children those who believe without inspiration. It is not that she excludes reason and custom. On the contrary, the mind must be opened to proofs, must be confirmed by custom, and offer itself in humbleness to inspirations, which alone can produce a true and saving effect. Ne evacuetur crux Christi.
Here are the rest of the major network shows that are on the dreaded bubble. Or at least the ones I care to comment about. NBC is trying to set a record for unsuccessful shows for a major network, and I could probably have broken up the bubble shows into three lists. Every other network, NBC part 1, and NBC part 2.
Las Vegas – A Healthy (Walking) City
This analysis will provide management information to strategically plan ahead on how to manage efficiently and cost effectively. It will also enable them to understand what changes or resources are needed to achieve increased profits and targeted goals.
"I know who you are Mr Whippet.
9) Don't see how many Almond Joys I can fit in my mouth while I'm supposed to be writing.
As I write – we’re talking beyond the frequent or occasional blog, I must make it a goal to avoid stopping to edit the ‘horrid’ work I see before me. I have realized I will never get far or even finished if I tell myself to edit every chapter to perfection until I move forward.
Creepiest!
The latest stop on the year long adventure was the Grand Ole Opry, the largest country and western club in the UK. It's a fantastic but very rarely used venue for gigs in Glasgow and located in a part of the city over in the south-west which in places hasn't changed since the 60s or 70s. There's no better illustration of this than our rendezvous for the pre-gig drinks...a pub called The Old Toll Bar...a pub for which the word traditional may very well have been invented.
I was on Pinterest (my newest obsession) and I ran across a recipe for an amazing sounding brownie! I am a sucker for brown butter so I was immediately intrigued.
Place raspberries into a saucepan and put in sugar. Let it sit for 30 minutes or until the raspberries water down. Cook the raspberries until the berries further disintergrate. Turn off the heat and stir in lemon juice. (The final compote should taste slightly tart)
The long eucalyptus trees
The heart chakra represents what we are now learning and experiencing more than ever. It is all about the heart. As we become more heart-centred and focus on all people, the planet and situations with love and peace, we will see shifts happening. The energies are here to support us in being stewards of love. You are reminded that for any questions you have, or decisions to make, look in your heart, where all the answers lie. So put your mind aside and tune into your heart now. What is it telling you?
Registration begins at 1.30pm and the seminar itself kicks off at 2.00pm. Speakers are Dr Dolores Cassidy (Irish Patents Office), Dr Micaela Modiano (Modiano & Partners), Hugh Goodfellow (Carpmaels & Ransford) and Michael Burdon (Olswang LLP).
there with one score.
God - please save us from the political hacks who are now in charge of this idiocy!!
7) assemble the trellis together by nailing through the back
“If we look over the last 30 years, if the water is warmer or fresher, then we see lower abundance of Calanus,” said Andrew Pershing, a scientist at the Gulf of Maine Research Institute and the University of Maine. “We can expect in the future that the Gulf of Maine is going to get warmer and fresher.”
I think elementary teachers along with parents have the greatest impact on children’s perceptions of the world around them. Very young children seem more receptive to true paranormal experiences as they do not have a solid belief system in place and their every intention is pure and spontaneous. Children are impressionable and beliefs taught as facts can certainly distort their reality. So before you were old enough to start middle school, already your perceptions are distorting because of other peoples ideologies.
This is one of my favorite pictures of me as a little kid. Thuggin it out with mickey!
Prepare for Spring by joining Kathy Saturday morning and she'll show you how to create a number of handmade flowers perfect for adorning cards, layouts, packages, gift bags, clothing, brooches, and headbands...the list is endless. We shell out lots of cash for those pretty flower embellishments sold in the big box craft stores, but these can be fashioned from almost any type of material and are far more beautiful than anything picked up off a store shelf. Plus, they're handmade and you just can't beat that. How about filling a decorated box with these little beauties and giving them to your favorite crafter as a gift? Whatever you use them for, you don't want to miss this class!
I expect he'll attach some shots
When life demands, adhere to it.
-Salt and textured paper towels (optional)
My mom died on May 3, 2012, and with the support of my family, I attended the Storymakers writers conference anyway. It was two days of blissful fog with wonderful friends and an awesome roommate. I was completely distracted and I now realize what a blessing that was, because reality came crashing back down quickly enough.
My drawing PW PW 2001 had been rejected by the RA Summer Show.
Have a snack
The 3 reactors at TVA’s 3,297-megawatt Browns Ferry nuclear plant in Alabama switched over to emergency diesel generators to supply power for the reactors cooling system at 5:30 EDT (22:30 UTC) after storms knocked out transmission lines that supplied power, the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Agency said. More…
Love it! So versatile that it is suitable from early childhood up to self-publishing adults. It is an ideal resource for schools to create their own iBook libraries and is an App children would find easy to use when publishing their own projects.
Those with BPD often report feelings of emptiness; they feel excluded from society, isolated and lonely. (I know I’ve had all of those feelings.) Sometimes, I’m feeling lonely and don’t realize it; I only know something doesn’t feel right.
a note. i am singing about everything,
I headed off the hot chocolate and denied physics its triumph.
These children, so naïve,
There is not much glory or reward as society would typically define it for a little league coach. No riches to speak of, except for maybe a gift card to The Cheesecake Factory at the end of the season. And the most recognition they get is the moment at the end-of-the-season party in which the coaches are inevitably pushed into the pool.
by Miguel Lloyd
As Nazi Germany attempts to annex Austria two childhood friends, one a Jew and one a German, find themselves on opposite sides.
I think beer commercials are pointless. Beer is so good, and people want it soooo bad, that they can pretty much put what ever they want out there to make people want their product more, that can say pretty much whatever they want. Doesn't matter, cause people will keep buying it. No gimmick needed. The gimmicks they do have are so shitty anyways, its like, really? Whats the point!
Is this something that truckers get used to - this disconnection with normalcy and people? I suspect much like a physician needs to separate himself from a sick patient, a trucker would have to condition himself to deal with loneliness and being away from loved ones, all the while doing a job that gives you more than ample time to think about loneliness and loved ones. I cannot help but question what the fall out is to develop the ability to do such a thing, to compartmentalize the loneliness and missing. I see it in M, his ability to shut everything out but the job. It scares me. I asked him about this very thing. His reply, “It takes some getting used to, once you get used to it, you start to like it”. The man I love with all my heart likes being disconnected. It’s not an easy thing to accept.
Butter – ½ cup (at room temperature)
Edmondson: Well… we’re not really very popular there. So we don’t think about them.
As the only Midwestern state where it is legal, Iowa is becoming increasingly favorable to same-sex marriage. 46% think it should be legal, and 45% illegal. But when civil unions are included as an alternative, giving gay couples the same rights as marriage, 40% still prefer full marriage equality, 30% favor civil unions, and only 29% think there should be no recognition of these relationships at all. When we asked the same question in April, the breakdown was 35-29-33. Democrats, Republicans, and independents are all more in favor of both marriage and civil unions than before, but particularly Republicans, 14% of whom favor marriage and 36% civil unions now, versus 10-28 four months ago. For Democrats, it is 63-23 versus 57-25, and for independents, 40-31 versus 35-36.
We can’t reveal what we’ve hidden by cracking open the narrative shell and prying out the nut of truth. Every interpretation will only be another mask; a story about the story is no less a lie. Yet we are not completely without resources. (To echo Longinus … between story and story, between story and its translations--there flashes forth the lightning bolt of the sublime. An interpretation does not replace, it dis-places, and the friction of displacement is generative, here as on the level of metaphor. Between the visible two there emerges an invisible third, discernible not in it itself, but in its effect—in the difference it makes.
Which actually isn't that good a thing, since there is no way I'm narrowing it down to ten.
This is an easy one to get started with. This non-profit exists to spread usage of social media. But notice that they directly tie this social media goal to a specific non-social-media goal: “to improve the quality, access, value and effectiveness of health­care delivery to patients.” In other words, the organization doesn’t just want to spread social media usage for its own sake; it wants to do so to achieve a real-world goal.
The answer, of course, is proper marketing and advertising. Now, I know what you're thinking, and yes, it's going to take quite a lot of work. I remember that nasty hostage crisis, and how on earth can they recover from that whole Ayatollah Khomeini funeral procession thing? When the people of your country pull apart your deceased former leader like a bunch of chavs going after a bucket of chicken from KFC, and the video is seen 'round the world; well, let's just say that people are going to remember that.
words, wild, imagination and fun
Day one: Got up, prayed, blogged, felt really motivated, did everything well. I must say I was pleased with myself. Pride cometh...you know.
Nicky Nixon never naysaid nihilists, negatively nice to nugatory necrophiles. Nicky nudged necessary newspapers, naphthalene nectarines, and nylon nooses. Needing nookie, Nicky neighed at nearby neighbors, narcissistically napping and nipping at the nitrogen-nibbled night.
I tried this new layout with Vintage Modern on a green background ....
For an action-packed junkie, this movie is full of it! They got things blowing up every few minutes. They’ve also managed to incorporate the extra-terrestials ala Transformers into the depiction of an old Hasbro board game and the storyline is predictable – aliens invade, earthlings fight to save Earth whilst both sides trying to blow each other to pieces. Amidst all that, there is a love story, a hero willing to sacrifice for the people & then a saviour. So all in all, it was a typical action movie.
CM Punk Vs John Cena is up next. Big match feel is going on right now, probably the biggest match of the year. Will it live up? Tune in and find out.
Article 156
But, Marc says BrewDog was too late. It does sound odd that there was a dialogue all the way along the process which seems to have lapsed right at the point BrewDog were paying their final fees. Indeed, if what BrewDog says is correct, Camra might have pulled the plug ahead of the deadline.
I know some mirror people. They check themselves out when they walk past a shop window.
Most people would give up and call the front desk; not me. I begin to wonder what objects in the room might make suitable substitutions for a plunger. My eyes quickly dart around the room; the lamp, the bar tray, a power cord? Nothing seems to fit and then I open the closet door and experience an epiphany, the little wooden rod on the hanger that holds pants, perfect!
+ i hear rita's custard is a chain (i never heard of it until this trip!) but it was really good! especially mixed with the mango slushie.
Mouthwash to cleanse our mouths
AAP said:
'Morning Everyone,
And sure enough, I went back to old blog posts and found perhaps-not-quite-definitive-but-close-enough passages like this:
Rating: 3.5 out of 5 stars
This is the 12th of these guest posts. Elizabeth Templin is a second-year master’s student and Roy H. Park Fellow from Charlotte, N.C. She has focused on news writing, editing and multimedia during graduate school. She hopes that she will find ways to save journalism in a new job.
I really want to warp Inara next, but I’ll have to see if I have enough yarn in the proper size to do that!! Let me rephrase that: I have to see if there’s enough yarn in the proper size in colors I actually want to use! I still have tons of the duller colors, but I’d rather mix them with something bright. Maybe I’ll use Ampstrike’s card weaving cards next…
Me: Well you didn't.
Now it's your turn to show us your 'FAVOURITE COLOUR COMBO' cards!! There will be five free digi's given to one lucky challenge participant who will be chosen by Random.org at the end of the month! You may now use images from any company and still be included in the draw for the blog candy prize! Those who use one of Crissy's images, either from her rubber or digital collections will be entered twice in the draw.But please respect the rule of no more than three entries per month. Otherwise your
Members of the Chazen Museum of Art or Wisconsin Public Radio can call ahead and reserve seats for Sunday Afternoon Live performances. Seating is limited. All reservations must be made Monday through Friday before the concert and claimed by 12:20 p.m. on the day of the performance. For more information or to learn how to become a museum member, contact the Chazen Museum at (608) 263-2246.
ever have those days - wanna take out the 'redo' card and slam it on the table - where you just wanna hit 'rewind' - get all the way to the part when your just about to get out of bed - THEN at that moment - don't! - stay in bed for that day - b/c the day ahead of you is just too much to handle! - YUP, my day yesterday!
But this post isn’t about the end of the alphabet. It’s about transitioning back to the every day routine. Hopefully I’ve learned some things that will help me be more productive and interesting throughout the year, not just for one month.
When this life brings me pain
“Jeremy,” he said. “Why are you always trying to fight me?”
Places I would like to visit: Morocco, Jerusalem, Argentina, Chile.
Brown makes us frown.
I love weekends, especially when there is time for reflection and reading and journaling and praying. When there is time to sort through “soul laundry” – separating dark from light, dirty from clean, renovating, taking stock. Knowing what is going on inside, what the Lord is teaching me, what I am ignoring, what I am embracing. These are necessary disciplines.
Let It Rise is a song by Holland Davis that has been around for a while (relatively speaking), and was very popular for contemporary worship during the mid-late 90s – when the whole scene was just exploding. It is one of those songs in “the book” that is just not used as much today for whatever reason.
There’s nothing progressive about trying to feed a bloated and ineffective agency more and more revenue in the hope that it will magically turn into the type of agency that manages the transit systems of Washington, D.C., or Paris.
Paul proves his gospel is the true gospel by asserting that it came to him direct by a revelation from Jesus Christ.
Another positive side effect of all this bamboo guzzling: panda poop smells great.
This stout pours absolutely jet black with no light penetration. A small dirty brown head sits on top of the beer. This is a gorgeous looking stout. I served just below cellar temp to give this a chance to warm up a bit. The nose is really nice on this offering with plenty of roasted grain, bitter and rich chocolate notes, coffee, and black licorice. Once the beer warmed past cellar temp though plenty of hot alcohol notes quickly came on and overtook everything smelling like fingernail polish. The flavor profile starts out with plenty of bitter chocolate notes, light espresso, dark fruit, oats, and roasted grain. The alcohol I smelled in the nose comes across in flavor profile in the finish. I do have to say the that chocolate flavor tastes like they used good chocolate, and didn't skimp on that aspect like some other chocolate stouts that I've tasted. The mouthfeel is velvety smooth from the oat addition with very low carbonation. It isn't nearly as viscous as some other stouts, but I like that actually. I do start feeling the warming alcohol though as I get near the bottom of this bomber. The drinkability is quite nice with how easy to drink this was both in the flavor profile and on the mouthfeel.
Photo credit goes to my wonderful husband Eric!! Thanks Bud-E!!
“I believe you…”
2 Cans Chicken Stock
Just don’t describe him thus in Norfolk for fear of causing distress to the locals.
Hi Everybody,
I left you on a sweet note in my previous post and a promise to photograph one of the 8-pound/4-kg-easter eggs that I had ordered to the office.
I am back and determined not to let those comments rob me of my joy and passion for blogging. I have simply the strongest desire to share my and my families story with the world. The recent hurdles I have had to jump have just served to reaffirm my blogging goals.
As an expat, there is one thing that cannot be taught, at least not to me, and that is the zen like patience required when dealing with a culture that views time as merely a concept. Clocks seem unnecessary for the locals and watches are seldom worn. Heck, if not for the frequent holidays here in Mexico they might as well throw out their calendars as well. It is part of the charm here when you have nothing to do as well. However, when time is of the essence, to say that this is stressful would be an over simplification. I wish to remain a free woman. I say this because, yes, I am at that point where I understand how people might snap. In fact, I may have snapped already.
1. Hollow out a melon.
3) Certain criminal aliens, including gang members, deportation fugitives, and those who have committed voter fraud or marriage fraud, would be eligible for DREAM Act amnesty.
Although that doesn’t square with me laughing at myself. Or maybe it does. But yesterday evening I had to laugh at the near neighbor, and he caught me watching and laughing; well, smiling, looking his way.
~Adrienne Rich
Annie Sloan Chalk Paint goes over ANYTHING
For those who haven’t read the books, the movie delivers a cool tale about what it’s like to grow up in a futuristic dystopia. And, it’s pretty neat to watch Katniss in action with her bow and arrow too.
(Yes he says it just like that with a-tti-tude!)
Boy am I glad I did! Carey really does the 1st person POV well, and Castor’s second adventure/case/torment is a doozy. The cops use him for chasing down perps, his friend Rafi is still possessed by a nasty (possibly the nastiest) demon named Asmodeus and the Doctor’s where he is kept are threatening to throw him out, his apprentice is a soul sucking/eating succubus who he can’t stop desiring, there are people around London committing atrocious acts of violence the likes of which they never would normally do, and Castor’s zombie friend is on edge and looking to kill him. Did I miss anything? Hopefully not. And that’s just the first 50 pages or so. Funnily enough, Castor is approached by a couple who want him to find their lost/kidnapped daughter Abbie…and there is only one problem with that, she’s dead and they want him to find her ghost.
This is God’s law
On the the 17th Lucy and Markas have thier vision test and on the 26th Josh sees the audiologist.
and a life that in abandoning
Suqqu, a Japanese skincare company (and apparently the originator of the Gankin technique), recommends using its own massage cream (naturally), but I just use a few drops of argan oil instead. I grab my instructions (PDF here) and oil after cleansing my face, and settle in for a few soothing minutes. When I'm done, I continue the drainage by reclining against that bank of bed pillows I mentioned above and closing my eyes. Isn't it wonderful when something so indulgent is actually good for you?
And then it was bedtime. With no A/C or fans. Well, needless to say we didn't get any sleep that night and really appreciated the workers getting the power right back on when our alarm went off at 6:00 am. Argh, what a fiasco! I was just glad we got it back that day.
2 cups sliced fresh strawberries
...I guess it's a Texas thing, as that's what they call the Orientation when they invite the future fall Kindergarteners to see their school. Creed, Zelda, Evan and I showed up early yesterday morning to the cafeteria where we were handed 2 huge packets of forms to fill out, and tons of info on the PTA, I am not sure I can even go there yet with volunteering - as I am still serving as the Board President for Ecole...sigh.
I liked the tension of Ethan and Merit’s relationship. And I liked the supporting characters. I feel like I was let down by actual character development and the final ending to the relationship/mystery components of the plot. I would have liked to have seen something completely developed in the first book…even if more changes happened in the rest of the series.
- Clean slate rounds (slammers know what that means)
May 4th: 1st Friday/Oakland Art Murmur opening from 6-9 pm.
Although I obtained several new sets of luggage over the next few years, that little overnight case just seemed to hang around. I can’t even say it got much use; but it travelled with me through several moves for years until I finally set it out for a garage sale a few years ago.
I do not care for stuffing that is what my husband calls it.
Thanks to the brothers who showed me my error.
It's my birthday today!
Entries will be judged by the Ilkley brewers and the winning entry will be scaled up and produced by Ilkley as their autumn beer. If that wasn't enough, the winning brewer will be invited to brew the first Gyle. I think the appropriate word to use here is AWESOME!
“Sexual desperation in married men: Cognitive and moralistic impairment in online and in-person environments”
The scholar to whom his book is true, to whom
We’ve seen that Return On Engagement is a social computing metric you can use to measure how you’re doing with your own community. And that’s great. But no matter how well you’re doing, you must remember that your community members spend 99.99 percent of their time on other Websites.
He chose the king kong one to start with, but then he thought it twice, and that one could be too agressive, so he went for the wood one. The indian one didn’t work!
gretchen.schaumann@comcast.net
i spent the entire saturday reading at stadtpark (vienna’s “central park”), enjoying the sun, the grass, the birds chirping- it was divine! i started and finished the first book of the hunger games trilogy that day, and i’m hooked! i even brought the second one with me to work, so that i can read during breaks.
Even though Stalin and the party had successfully exploited Russia nationalism during the Great Fatherland War (1941-1945) in order to save the Soviet regime and then deployed it against Jewish cultural figures and doctors in a wave of vicious anti-Semitism, before he died in 1953, the imperatives of holding a vast multinational empire together required the re-assertion of Soviet internationalism at the expense of Russian national identity. It was one thing to encourage Russian nationalism with the Germans closing in on Stalingrad, it was quite another to encourage the same for too long after 1945, with the start of the Cold War. The reasons are clear enough: if the Russians can promote their national identity, then so can Ukrainians, Volga Germans, Kazakhs, Jews and Chechens. In fact this was already happening. It is not widely known in the West that various mixtures of Ukrainian, Lithuanian and Belorussian separatists and nationalist groups waged an insurgency against the Red Army and the internal security troops of the NKVD (the precursor of the KGB) which only came to end in the 1950s. Again, it was expedient to use nationalism against the occupying Germans but it came with obvious dangers for the stability of the Soviet empire.
When I was a kid I made a mixed CD of tracks that relaxed me to sleep but I can’t find the disc to check out what songs I had of it, I’d tip that the likes of Sarah McLoughlin would be on it though.
A Bacteria-Based Hard Drive? – Imagine if your computer had a hard drive that simply grew another platter when it approached capacity. In the future, ultra-high-density, non-volatile storage could be grown using magnetic bacteria. Really.
As I've told you before, I am in love with these mosaic mirror candle sconces, and I found this one for only $15 at an antique shop in Ohio this fall. It adds a festive touch of sparkle to the simple rustic room, even without a candle (don't worry, I'm working on it).
May 14, 2010 Clip No. 2482
All parents have dreams, but how many of us have slowly and gradually surrendered those dreams somewhere after we’ve hit the familiar potholes of delay, failure and frustration, which may seem to be increasing in their size and frequency as we live out our regular parenting routines... ?
By the way, if ever you hear a story that sounds a bit bizarre, and you're not sure whether to believe it, Snopes is the place to check it out. Also, it's a place for wasting an idle hour or two reading bizarre stories, both true and imagined.
To cope with the fact that whites refused to acknowledge the humanity of black Americans, most blacks had to mask their true feelings and actual personalities whenever they were in the presence of white people. Sometimes, this masking meant shuffling and feigning irresponsibility; and sometimes it meant turning the other cheek and walking away rather than responding to white insults. But almost always, it meant conforming to a pattern of racial etiquette in day-to-day affairs.
Phantoms In The Sky: Ghostly Pilots, Aircraft And Haunted Airfields
Identify your emotions. Here are two suggestions to get you started.
Rebuilding Wages:
I have used a stamp from Rogue Redhead Designs from the Carnival Dream plate. I coloured a piece of stamboard using Tattered Rose, Dried Marigold, Victorian Velvet and Wild Honey. Then Spiced Marmalade was added through sequin waste. The image was stamped with Archival ink and then painted using a watercolour brush and Distress Inks. Finally I scraped the edge to give the white surround which also makes it look more like a tile. Made a tag from some Crafty individual paper which I coloured further with inks so the tile would stand out more. Added the trim and ribbons to finish.
Scrap book paper in your favorite patterns (one 12"x12" sheet will yield you 4 envelopes)
Content that is more relevant (more contextual) is more likely to be forwarded on, tweeted about, and otherwise more likely to go viral (passed from person to person just like a cold).
11. sometimes a tummy sleeper. He's rolling over now, tummy to back too!
All products used were Stampin Up! unless otherwise noted. This card is totally cased from Gloria Pluckett's SU! website. I didn't get to attend her class but loved the cards and decided to make them on my own. Thanks for inspiration Gloria!!
Patience is a virtue every warrior must master and have in his arsenal. Patience is power, patience will bring good things, patience gives strength to the warrior.
And implicitly in
Since the acceleration of globalization and change of Asian pattern in the 21st century, the “Look East Policy” of India has shown new vitality and rising trend.
And really, would you want it to be?
Eddie: Shhiiiiiiieeeeeett. You wish! You wish you could enter the dungeon!
It was about 35 degrees when we finished. There was still plenty of post race snacks and drinks for those of us who take our time. In particular, the chicken soup tasted like liquid gold.
Don't get caught up in me worship. Take time to deconstruct that throne by starting to serve others.
Finely grate enough peel from 2 limes to measure 1 1/2 teaspoons. Squeeze enough juice from 2 limes to measure 2 tablespoons. Cut third lime into wedges.
The droves started coming in and it was now time to party, well it was rather chilly, but apparently there are these mobile heaters in the industry lately which personally I feel are going to be a good investment for this winter.
FACTBOX
This is a neat little book, particularly for people who love books. Hell, if you saw that cover and thought, “Neat,” chances are it’s a book you’ll enjoy reading.
“Ah yeah… Bruce Lee Right… Be Like Water…” The Detective smiled, and walked away.
You must have loved me to look at me that way?
Question the power of such a website?
Blot eggplant dry with a paper towel. Brush on both sides with a Tbsp oil. Grill or broil, turning once, until brown and softened, 6-8 minutes total. Set aside to cool slightly, then coarsely chop.
From Come Monday by Mari Carr
2010.08.27 Iraq Mosul 2 0 A middle-aged Buddhist couple is brutally murdered by Muslim gunmen as they are returning from market.
There's also berries and those are healthy.
Rel took a deep breath, then walked over to the hearth and sat down on the fire. He stared at the mad child’s face; if you thought about the fire too much, first-realm logic took over and you burned. Flames rose around the hearth, though, eating at the walls and floor of the bungalow but not touching anything alive.
Do you ever find yourself standing in the middle of a room wondering why on earth you came in here in the first place?
- There is the lovely story of Thomas
My Stuff - Deep Sparkly Green (applied to lower lash line with MAC 266 by patting/sweeping)
But the lack of labels did give me an amusing surprise. One of the cases had a series of rather nice clay lamps on show, in three groups from the first/second century A.D., the third/fourth centuries and the fifth/sixth centuries, to show the change in design and shape over time. I cast my eye over these quite quickly at first, but after a circuit of the gallery came back to have another look. Where, to my surprise, among the representations of gladiators, lions and locusts, I found an oil lamp decorated with a copulating couple. Now, this in and of itself is hardly a unique object; lamps were frequently decorated with saucy pictures of one variety or another, and regular readers may recall that the ‘sex room’ in the Times Square Pompeii exhibit made something of a feature of four poorly preserved examples. But I will admit to being a little startled when I realised what I was looking at, as this particular piece of household erotica was quietly hiding in the middle of an otherwise entirely decorous display. I suppose that in and of itself might be a case for not overlabelling things – there’s an extra bonus for those who make the effort to look carefully.
What You Think That The World Owes You
Aside from that I am planning a baby shower for my cousin Sara and planning the 2nd Annual event for Crystal's birthday. This year we are doing a BBQ and her oldest son, Jaydan, will actually get to be here for it. It will be wonderful for him to be able to go visit her grave. I think it will be one of the first few times he's been back since the funeral in March 2010. I'm super excited to see him too. I haven't seen him in over a year! Miss that little punk!
Alexei Ramirez 2010 Topps Peak Perfromance Relic Black on White
Driver-“We gonna get some fried wolf knuckles for lunch?”
KOMMISSIEDRIF: Elderly couple Ericcson brutally attacked on farm Magatthashoek, but son comes to the rescue.
As seems to be the case on this trip, each hotel is more dramatic than the last. Our home for our two nights in Cusco is Hotel Monasterio, a unique joint in a former monastery that still sports dozens, if not hundreds, of the original oil paintings accumulated by the Monasterio and which plays Gregorian chants in the public spaces. As with Rio Sagrado, the folks at Hotel Monasterio went out of their way to accommodate us, including a crib, a bunch of toys and baby toiletries in our room, and a bottle of champagne and deserts to help us celebrate our anniversary. The deserts were excellent, but sadly the champagne went untouched as we tried to adjust again to Cusco’s 11,000 foot altitude. It’s crazy to think of Machu Picchu at 9000 feet and Rio Sagrado at 8000 feet as “low”, but compared to Cusco they are, and even a reasonable amount of acclimitization won’t keep one from getting winded from relatively little physical activity at this height. Between the altitude, the morning’s hike, and the 5-6 hours of travel, we were absolutely done and called it a night without even thinking of a free bottle of champagne. Believe me when I tell you that this speaks to our tiredness, not to the worth of the bottle.
He thinks there is too much of the camera, not enough of me in them. i.e he believes the reason I like them so much is not because of subject or content, but the fisheye and xpro effects. And that these belong to the camera, and not to me. He thinks they get in the way of his enjoyment of the picture, that they're like a barrier between him and what he otherwise would have felt when he looked at the pictures.
weighed down by a penchant for being impossible to those he loves
Then I went up to talk to "Robin".
Sri Sri Ravi Shankar: Only the mind experiences. All the experiences are of the mind. The experience of the soul is also at the level of the mind. When the mind is calm, then the soul is experienced. The soul is an embodiment of joy. Mind experiences sorrow. When the mind dissolves, then joy is experienced.
Her hands were strong, too strong for the humanity they pretended. He struggled, grunting, tangling in his blanket. This wasn't an attack, though. Even muzzy-headed, Rel knew that if Taslin wanted him dead she wouldn't need to wake him. And she'd already had plenty of chances since leaving Nursim.
“And who is this Ishcandar?” demanded Arik in a booming voice.
even a jacquard print. You would think that this would be to busy or not work. But it is wonderful together. My husband was very moved by this when he saw it and said his mother would have been pleased. I thought about some stickles and glimmer mist, but decided against it and leave it clean. I think I made the right choice. Directions available upon request.
Your Power is always in the present moment!!
All warts are caused by a virus. Warts aren’t harmful, but they can be uncomfortable and unsightly. If you have warts on your feet, keep your feet clean and dry. (Viruses flourish in dark, wet environments).
Whatever forces or reasons trying to break us apart, I don’t what them to burden the moment we find ourselves.
I think my mailbox is themed pink and green this week, which is funny because pink and green are two of my favourite colours (the other two being blue and purple)! :) But even if it wasn't, I'd still say that this mailbox is year-making-worthy!
“Many of the attending nations already share close ties with NATO and have taken part in NATO’s missions, including the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) in Afghanistan.”
04 Something In This City Changes Peoples 4:33
Who are the Grape Men?
Cigarette between my fingers,
Anyone who is allergic to the ingredients of GARDASIL, including those severely allergic to yeast, should not receive the vaccine. GARDASIL is not for women who are pregnant.
I was even able to explain to Mrs Badger + Fatipuff, who were thoughtfully placed at the 13 mile marker, that I "Might just get under 1:50" as I huffed past. "SHUT UP and GOOOOO!!!" screamed Mrs Badger lovingly.
I will tell you this....I have absolutely no plans whatsoever of ever, ever going to Norway!
Freddy: It was wrong of you to lock me up. I had to hurt myself to get out. And I know you're in here, because I can smell your brains.
I love cuddling in front of an old movie with a bowl of popcorn on a cold night.
Another pic of Knatti, who has just found a mossy branch on the ground.
Hi Folks! I was reading this blog post about product-recall-mania today and nodded along with so much of it, I asked the writer, Julie Colwell, if I could post it and she said sure. So here it is, slightly edited:
Includes - All materials as well as drinks and nibblies are included (Lavazza Coffee is extra at $2 per cup.)
tired but working
Little flowering surprises are starting to pop up in my garden. Everywhere I look tiny buds are showing up; all over Central park, in window boxes, sidewalk planters and community gardens. New York city is beginning to get all powder puffy as the trees bust out in their floral frenzy. Sublime!
The finale during the Ten Year Gathering is a spectacular sequence in which the two main characters must escape the executioner's axe in time to protect the Chantry from a gaggle of enormous firebreathing dragons bent on destruction. Fumihiko Sori's soaringly cinematic handling of this thrilling sequence is impressive as are the epic-scale set design and effects.
Islip, NY 11730
You can have three skills total, only one of which can be a crafting skill, and you can train them at level one if desired (although you normally wouldn't pick them up until you leave your starting planet at about level 10).
There are many tablets in the marketplace and a few offer the user a good experience, but this particular product is one of the stand out models in recent times. Amazon who are the biggest online retailer in the world are currently offering an attractive price on the Ployer Momo9 M009S at the present moment and you can also enjoy their 30 day money back guarantee from a company you can trust for a quality service and product excellence.
It is a Primer, Paint, and Sealer ALL IN ONE
9) Made an after work trip to Walmart. Now since living in a much more civilized area of the country, I have Kroger's everywhere I can throw a stone. But at 1030 - no such luck. So I mosey into my local Wally World and they are in the process of restocking and people and lifts and pallets of enormous portions of product are everywhere. I get my Aspercreme (my knees after Grandpa's Ridge are a major concern) and knock off 7-up and a get well card for a pal and head for the check out line. There is not one! It's all self check out. Two young and handsome kids tell me to go ahead of them because I have less stuff. Oh such cute little hunks! Chivalry in the South! Who would have thought it still survives.
36. When Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone back in 1876, only six phones were sold in the first month.
As you can see by the artwork on this feature, Santi was a superb funny animal illustrator. The details and effort he poured into every panel is awe-inspiring. He probably could not have been paid enough for the work he put into "The Three Mouseketeers." I have more early issues of Funny Stuff, and in the future will be featuring more of this artist's work. As a caution, knowing how I am, and my scheduling, no one should hold their breath while waiting.
BG18
What do you have that you can sell that will go in line with your product that the customer bought?
*What do you call a deer with no eyes? No eyed dear. (Say it out loud.)
In 2009 and 2010, the Mets were a combined 61-101 in road games. Last year, they didn’t win a series on the road against a National League team until they took two out of three at PNC Park against the lowly Pirates in late August. This year, the Mets have the most road victories (26) in the NL and have allowed only two walk-off wins on the road, compared to 12 last season.
I imagine that's part of the reason why happiness is hard to find. Instead of worrying about why it went away, or who was the one at fault for taking it away, or even the commonly sought after question: "When will I be happy again," he best way to learn happiness starts with one three letter word:
Don’t look now, but Maria Sharapova is getting closer and closer to being the player she was before a rotator cuff tear in 2008 derailed her Hall of Fame career for a few years with surgery and spotty play as she worked her way back. She’s not quite the same player who won 3 Major titles, the WTA Tour Championship and was ranked #1. Her serve still isn’t quite consistent enough yet. However, consider that in 2012, she has made the final of the only Major played thus far this year, the Australian Open. Additionally, she has made the final of the last 3 events she has played, Indian Wells, Miami and Stuttgart. Two of those events, Indian Wells and Miami, are considered mini-Majors. So you can say that Masha has made the final of the year’s three biggest events so far. That’s the good news. The bad news is she lost all three, Melbourne and Indian Wells to Victoria Azarenka and Miami to Agnieszka Radwanska. In Stuttgart, playing the final of the 2012 Porsche Tennis Grand Prix, she not only need a win to break the losing streak in big finals this year, but also to stop the momentum Vika has against her. Boy, did Masha deliver!
This is chicken, bacon and avocado salad.
In less serious cases, strong probation has the benefit not only of reducing costs for brick and mortar prisons, but also keeping more consumers in the free world paying sales and property taxes instead of living out their lives in a cell on the taxpayers' dime.
7. Which large island in the Mediterranean is an offshore province of France?
"Gah! You brat, get off," he said, when she flumped down next to him and laid her head on his shoulder. He shrugged to dislodge her, but she just moved with him and gave him a grin. "Can't you see I'm working here? Some of us have to study."
For thinking of me
- 1 roma tomato, seeded
Adam 930; Seth 912; Enosh 905; Kenan 910; Mahalalel 895; Jared 962; Enoch 365 (did not die, but was taken away by God: Genesis 5:24); Methuselah 969; Lamech 777; Noah 950 years old. – Source: The Holy Bible (See also: The ages of the patriarchs in Genesis 5 and 11)
in a pickle jar, leaf through my papers.
Through it all...mothering, as hard as it is...still gives a blessed chance to every now and then sneak a bite or two from some fabulous creation. Yes! I said sneak. I actually took this photo of this dessert, the other night, while it was hiding in my kitchen cabinet, or else I'd be sitting high and dry without nearly so much as a nibble.
One of my next big projects is our master closet. It’s atrocious. Incredibly atrocious. I’m determined to get it organized for good, and when I saw these units, I knew they would be perfect:
A good afternoon.
PS, In case you wondered, the cricket won. Easily.
19. Pat And Atom Are Friends
These principles might not work reliably well on charts cast using a tropical zodiac and using a modern house system, but they will be extremely sound and reliable if you apply them to birth charts cast using a sidereal zodiac and the ancient “whole-sign house” system.
"Yeah, you gotta be five-ten to be an MP. I thought it might have changed by now but no luck."
Step 2: Preheat oven to 350 and line standard muffin pan with 12 paper liners. Whisk both flours in medium bowl. Beat butter in large bowl until smooth. Add sugar; beat to blend. Beat in eggs one at a time.
*Non-us legislations are slowly catching on the US model of heavy patent litigation (examples are EU harmonization attempts).
Here we’re just on the other side of the peaks surrounding La Paz to the south. The view is looking back along the road coming out of the city, which sits behind those tall cliffs. If you click on the above photo to get the higher quality view, you can see how deep cracks have been eroded into the cliffs by the rains that pound La Paz from about November through March of each year.
Action: Amnesty International card and letter writing, petitions
“Seven it is.”
The Garmin nuvi 360 is one of Garmin’s older models that has withstand the test of time thanks to its durable design and great performance. Lets take a closer look at the Garmin 360 GPS navigator and what is has got to offer.
When I set out to compile my list I thought first of fantasy and second of adventure so most of my picks are more fantasy with elements of adventure. After all, it is one of the easiest lines to blur. So enough foreplay already. What are your top ten? OK. Settle down. Here they are in chronological order. Check back in at the end of the week for the Chronicle staff’s tally of their top picks in this exciting genre.
The medical consultant(me)was sitting in the doctor's waiting room spying on the staff before she officially met them(that is usually a small part of my job, but I am also quick to jump to staff defense when they are criticized by the doctors). I had positioned myself directly under the NO CELL PHONES sign, all the better to eavesdrop on patients using their cell phones.
The IPCC thinks the sun plays nary a role on climate and that anthropogenic factors explain almost the entire warming since 1850.
The cascade is slightly revised, again with the two conjoined winglets. Now the larger outboard winglet is curved near the join with the endplate, creating a deeper angle of attack and correspondingly a larger vortex spilling of the wingtip to direct airflow around the tyre.
Urabe’s refrain is “I don’t need friends”, but after what happens in P.E., perhaps a better way to phrase it is “it’s best if I don’t have too many friends,” after Oka gets her wounds. Being friends means sometimes sharing feelings and sometimes pain; in this case, literal physical ailments – which is a crazy supernatural power that the series presents in a surprisingly low-key manner. Both Urabe and Oka (and Tsubaki for that matter) simply accept that this is how drool works. What surprised us most of all was Oka using a drool test to determine how far Urabe’s gotten with Tsubaki, proving that Urabe isn’t the only one who can administer such a test.
I’ve known Nigel Savage for over twenty years. He is direct and to the point – but I have no hesitation in saying (even though he was a competitor when I was running BPP Law School in the early 1990s) that The College of Law was a bit of a ‘basket case’ before he took over: They lost the support of the Magic Circle firms in the LPC stakes (I know this – I did the report for the Magic Circle firms on the LPC review at the end of the 90s which led to a few changes) and I believe, whatever Savage’s salary, that he has been instrumental in bringing good people in and building up the College of Law’s reputation and range of courses. We have a horrible tendency in this country to build people up and then knock them down. I won’t be part of that thinking. I don’t always agree with Savage’s ideas. I am more than happy to be critical of his views when the need arises – This is what debate is about - but we need a few rough diamonds and people who think out of the box and who do not toe the line. Savage does not toe the line.
V. BIGFOOT AND THE WILDMEN
The Starlight Night
Research a way to better store DVD & CD's (music and computer) without taking up so much space.
There is a lot of setup in this first episode and that’s one of the reasons I’m willing to give it the benefit of the doubt at this point. The second reason is that I really like this cast, with the unfortunate exception of its lead, and the third reason is my hope that writers Marieke Hardy and Kirsty Fisher have learnt from the mistakes of the first season. I wrapped up my review of the first season with “I’m sure 2012 will just offer up more droopy faced Alison Bell muttering her way through awkward conversations” and while Bell’s still playing a sad sack, there is less muttering so let’s take that as growth. While I’m doubtful the road ahead will be littered with laughs I’m going into this season hoping for improvement.
Please remove Deadly Dolls from Kindle, Amazon, LULU.com, and Turner Maxwell books. You promised me that you have pulled the book (with my cover image) from sales, when clearly you have not.
I would like to share some of my tips for having a successful Thanksgiving dinner. It is quite a job being the host but there are ways to make it a little easier. Yes, this includes everyone having a good time including the cook.
Asia Society for Social Improvement and Sustainable Transformation (ASSIST) launched its Public Private Partnerships Advancing Carbon Neutral Economy last March 22-23 in Chongqing and March 26-27 in Guangzhou through a Multi-Stakeholder Forum and Awareness Training.
For those of you who have followed my planning and preparation, I thank you. I also thanks you for your words of encouragement and also, to those who have sponsored me; I hope you don’t want your money back.
Burke said he still believes in the team, mainly James Reimer, Phil Kessel and the leadership of Dion Phaneuf.
Lunch and then out to the front of the cottage to spruce up. I have been trying to make the front of the porch look oh, just so. I must admit the BIG mistake I made 30 some years ago when I pulled all the "old Ladies flowers' which were well established Hydrangeas. Enter a sob of sadness here.
On July 10, 2001, the SA health department announced that it was going to stop R6,6-million in annual funding to the SA National Tuberculosis Association because of the ongoing looting of its funds and the lavish lifestyles of its (African) executives, who award themselves R400,000 annual salaries and spend R5000 a month on cellphone calls alone... while millions of South African TB patients go untreated and are wasting away of a deadly, but curable disease.
That’s my terminology, but here’s what the pundits are saying: Wheaties isn’t healthy enough for the Fiber One crowd, and isn’t bad enough for the Frosted Flakes crowd. That’s “no man’s land.” By not positioning itself firmly in any camp – not quite the health food, not quite the fun food – it reaches no one.
No offer of employment is offered or implied.
Favourite name for a boy? Henry
splash of fat-free half & half (if you don’t have this on hand, I don’t think it’s really necessary)
Crowded street corners,
Update 3/19: I’m not the only one who’s tried expert groups. This post has better advice re: classroom management and giving students more of a set jigsaw structure (move to expert group, move back to home group, what to expect for transitions, etc). In my version, once students become experts, they can work individually if they want or find an expert – their call – so there’s a lot of movement, sometimes chaotically and excitedly.
“YOU”, make the difference in the sales transaction!!
I was feeling stubborn and in my groove so I wasn’t moving. She got closer and closer and had to swerve at the last minute. Throwing her hands up in the air and giving me a nice scoff on her way past.
Enjoy....I know I will!
I am that Mom, who knows that her kids intense emotions will not be there for long, and knows that if she can maintain presence, the behavior will shift, ebb and flow, quite quickly. And that LATER, they can talk about it.
Hopefully policy makers will keep this in mind when they go back to the drawing board. More importantly however, we must realise that the actual technicalities will be decided by the courts. No single executive action can attempt to define knowledge standards or exact parameters. So, more than anything, it is the duty of the judges to keep these issues in mind when the deliver the next judgement on intermediary liability for copyright infringement cases.
The beer was really starting to hit me fast at this point. I got to know the hamburgler. She was this cute red head. I have a thing for red heads I don't know why, but I like it and don't ever want to change. She was cool and a whole lot of fun.
Sam Bhagwat, CFO of Blueseed (www.blueseed.co) recently sat down with me in order to update me on their process of building their unique start-up.
“Skippy” is in the Army, so I had to drop him off on base. When I pulled up to the curb, we kinda just sat there and looked at each other. It was awkward because Julius was in the backseat hahaha. Anyway, I told him I had fun and I thanked him for being really nice. We also agreed that we needed to hang out again. Then he leaned over and gave me a hug. The end. Hahaha.
Well I was right about my last post. Thursday night or early Friday morning Evan tossed his cookies just the once leaving mom a fun surprise to find in the morning. At least this time he did it over the side of his bed so he did not sleep in it all night like he did once. I can't get him to come and tell us when he barfs in the middle of the night, he just rolls over and goes back to sleep.
The two killers finally meet on their own terms, and it's true love! As he strangles her, she is ripping a knife into his gut!!
Liz Claiborne short boots - Goodwill (they looked new!)
Scientists are smart chaps, mostly. They tend to give things names which suit the thing. Like, say, fly. Why call it a fly, you ask? Well, because it flies. That makes sense. Good, solid naming strategy there.
taking the time to sample a few cherry tomatoes. Our niece
In other words, Newt was picking up on a concern, prominent in the day and voiced by no less than Reagan’s then ex-UN Ambassador Kirkpatrick, not to mention prominent Reagan supporters Will and Kristol and the late-Mondale aide turned conservative Krauthammer, that Reagan’s anti-Communist policies could be stronger if better institutionalized and not tied as much to the Reagan persona. The entire speech focused on suggestions of how to do just that — to effectively institutionalize Reagan’s conservative beliefs in the government. Is Abrams seriously accusing Jeane Kirkpatrick and George Will of being anti-Reagan? Of spewing “insulting rhetoric” at a president everyone in Washington knew they staunchly supported? Really? Of course not. But in apparent service to the Romney campaign, in order to make Newt Gingrich appear to be doing just that, Abrams apparently quite deliberately cut out the original Gingrich reference to Will, Kirkpatrick, Krauthammer, and Kristol.
Meanwhile, how 'bout we revisit an "oldie but goodies" using of of Mr. H's classic product lines?
The Problems
Don't give up if you're in the thick of it in your marriage right now! I am so very, very happy! So deeply in love!!! Last evening we went out to a restaurant. Neal got up to go to the restroom and upon returning to the table, he sweetly played with my hair on his way by. And yesterday I was doing a silly dance to a reggae song in the living room and I said, "look neal. I look just like my mom!" We had a good laugh and then he said, "don't ever EVER do that again...." I mean who wants their wives to look like their mother in laws right?
Gregory: omg you are awesome
@TomMartin
“The day before the concert it suddenly struck me that, instead of singing the beautiful song Don’t Cry Alone that evening, Robin was in a coma and might die.
9) Richmond, Virginia
This weekend was jam-packed with goodness. I just love weekends like that! Friday night we got to hang out with Nick and Cindy and made grilled pizza for the first time this year! Yummm.
Chapter 19: Packaging and Deployment
Every little boy
Here are my selections!
“Yes, Doctor, I’ve noticed that. But can’t you treat it? Am I going to lose my sight?” I was beginning to panic.
Some websites might appear blank or might not display correctly in Windows Internet Explorer. For example, portions of a webpage might be missing, info in a table might be in the wrong locations, or colors and text might be incorrect. Some webpages might not display at all.
Fame will be a point which from my perspective will be phased out of this existence where there is no more specific points in our reality which get all the glory and fame, while the rest look on in adoration. So what I am looking at here is in an Equal Money System the foundation or starting point of ourselves within playing sports will no longer be to “attain fame” or to “Get the Big Paycheque” and “the life” that comes with this. Essentially in an Equal Money System we will create a system which will provide for all the lifestyle that would have otherwise been only afforded by the “Superstar”, and thus this will alleviate the drive/desire/urgency to pursue such a position.
I got the digital paper and image from Doodle Pantry Digital Doodles. These went really quick because I kept em simple and used the "assembly line" technique. Was able to make this whole set in about an hour and a half. There's 3 or 4 basic designs and the rest are duplicates. I also used raffia (to resemble the hay) and a Martha Stewart punch for snowflakes and dew drops for the centers. Here are some close-ups of the styles.
I enjoyed this one very much. It's a tale to immerse yourself in purely for the pleasure of losing oneself in a good story. Mystery, romance, loss, ghosts, three time periods, the meaning of family. Set in Australia and England, and best of all (for me), ultimately on the Cornish coast. It has it's flaws but it's a very good Summer read methinks.
If you require any further information please contact: Northgate Payroll Helpdesk 0870 0668695
My Mom brought over this new cleaning towel for me to try called the "Ultimate Cleaning Cloth" from the Shopping Channel. Want to know why these rock? You don't need a drop of cleaning solution with them to use. You just wet the cloth and clean. My favourite use is for my new stainless steel appliances that seem to have little itty bitty finger prints on them. My taps are now all shiny and my mirrors streak free. After cleaning with it you pop it in the wash and hang to dry and keep using them. Anything to reduce chemicals in my home is a bonus. Just had to share. xo Linds
The 'silver pound' serves this pub very well. Packed again today! There was a mini bus in the car park when I arrived at noon. A dozen or so elderly ladies, who frequent the pub once a month-ish. They are a very pleasant bunch, as one would expect of their age group. The 'Chairman' has a joke with them. Then a steady stream of people kept coming in.
Invert tart onto a serving plate. Service with ice-cream or cream.
15. Wow. My weekend is packed.
Race Report:
Partial discography:
gift box was in order.
So there you have it in a nutshell. Homemaking can be a dynamic career choice. Whether you use your time at home to learn as much as you can so you home produce and cook from scratch, or you're busy in the child raising years, or if you combine both, you can be rewarded for your efforts. There are many small ways to save money at home, they all take time and consistency but all those small ways add up. If you use the time you spend in your home not only for cooking, cleaning, raising children, mending, recycling etc., but also actively engaged in saving money, you will help provide for the family and pay off debt just as much as the partner who works outside the home.
It's been a challenging week, but thankfully I've been able to work on some cards for a couple bloggy friends who could use a little boost. :o) The one I'm sharing today is for a friend who is injured. No worries, she's been warned to stay away from my blog until the card arrives. :o) If she steals a sneak peek, it's not my fault. ;) Teehee.
I am not getting too excited about my bin getting emptied on collection day. Maybe I will never get it emptied again.
TM 16 - Pay Day
The new Shanghai Tang autumn/winter collection was presented this Friday at Moganshan lu art district 莫干山路艺术区. (I used to live close by).
I suspect my iPod touch (2nd gen) may be coming to the end of it's life. It frequently goes mad and rapidly switches itself between on and off (standby really) and back again many many times regardless of whether I'm using it or not. At times this can make it almost unusable and it's also having a knock-on effect on the battery. The standby button doesn't work any more either.
Yesterday was Day Two and it was exponentially harder! I nicknamed it “visually stalking” people day. The challenge was to actually “gaze” at men (or women, if that’s what you go for) and decide if they could be the love of your life that might be passing you by forever. If they could be that person, act accordingly. Well, I don’t get out much. But I gazed while at the grocery store and the gym (leered is what it felt like) and there really aren’t many men out there that I would see physically and think that I could be with forever. I guess that’s really just not me. Does anyone do that? See someone and just know they’re the ONE? I guess that would be “love at first sight”, which I don’t believe in anyway.
Needless to say, I was not expecting to see a bunny hopping around this close to my window. Also, I've literally never been this close to a bunny in my life...never. So, I promptly called my husband who luckily knows much more about rabbits than I do.
I couldn't even go to the cemetery today in fear all of the snow would make it impossible to find her barely marked gravesite. Honestly, the very thought of her in the ground beneath all this snow is overwhelming. All I can think is, my baby is freezing. I know she is not, but, that is what I think. She should be in my warm arms, not in a cold grave.
As usual, out start point was in CS-ZGD up in Branch, which on the flattened star map seems like it is a long way from Venal, something reinforced by the fact that it was our jump off point for the Tenal invasion.
Me: (Getting really close.) I’d love to.
75th Street Brewery - Three Dollar Thursday: $3.00 Pints ALL DAY. Select $3.00 appetizers. Live music with the Counter Culture band starts at 9:00. That’s 15 amazing, hand-crafted in Waldo, pints to choose from…full beer line-up will be announced soon.
Peter Brown is a very influential scholar credited with having created the field of study referred to as Late Antiquity (250-800 AD), the period during which Rome fell, the three monotheistic religions took shape, and Christianity spread across Europe.
Pie Bites
5 Great Mother’s Day Books
I felt more distinguished
Shaw, P. (2002). Changing conversations in organizations: A complexity approach to change. New York, NY: Routledge.
Iron Stylus: If you don’t give me some straight answers, I’m going to do something drastic.
Today was absolutely beautiful despite the dreary weather. Nora had her official second outing to Nana and Papa’s house for Mother’s Day brunch. She also embarked on her first ferry ride, as the trip involves crossing the Ohio River. Nora fared well on the 20 minute drive and was content to sleep most of the time at Nana and Papa’s.
Checklist cards (CL)(151 to 158)
If E-40 made the most robust-sounding albums of 2011 that I had to turn down my iPod to listen to, Dawn Richard made the best one that was so poorly mastered (if it was mastered at all) that I had to turn my iPod up to listen to it. Of course, lots of rappers make low budget mixtapes that come up short in the production or post-production, but that often fits their grimy aesthetic. Dawn Richard, an R&B singer who was one of the driving forces behind one of the best and biggest-sounding major label albums of the past couple years, Diddy-Dirty Money's Last Train To Paris, deserves better. Ostensibly, that should happen whenever she gets to release the album A Tell Tale Heart that this 'mixtape' exists to promote, but really this feels pretty substantial in and of itself.
LIFE PATH 3
And then he was there.
Post Four In A Six-Month Series On People Reading
What plans do you have this weekend??
Also you need to know people to get anywhere! Well at least that’s what it feels like sometimes. Make sure to stay in touch with all your connections. That’s where social media and emails can come in handy. It’s important to build a relationship with some of your teachers that still work in the field. They know a lot of people! They can be good references and they are usually willing to help. People like bragging about people they know. If your teacher thinks you are awesome then they are clearly going to recommend you to some of their friends.
Your cell phone you do that. You may end up paying a very volatile, revolving door affair, fraught with corruption scandals and patronage, and despite best efforts it remains so in many capitalist systems, government positions are still handed out as political favors, and big corporations buy lucrative government contracts with their financial support.
12 Keep it Up
A.E. Jenks passes along this anecdote in his 1914 article 'Assimilation in the Philippines':
Contains Skin & Coat Conditioners to Maintain a Healthy Luxurious Coat
onto
One day he says he loves, that he would be my all
I have to actively remember to go onto it now and think what to pin! To search for stuff! Maybe more sites need to have a Pinterest button as a share functionality like they do twitter and FB but Its not out there as much!
score his fourth run of the game. Paciorek’s last at bat came leading the off
Made up: not yet
For the past couple of months my husband has been hinting...talking...looking for a dog. A chocolate lab in particular. And every time he has brought it up, I'm pretty sure I have come up with every excuse possible not to get one.
Mouskouri’s 1991 English album, Only Love: The Best of Nana Mouskouri became her best-selling release in the United States. She spent much of the 1990s touring the globe. Among her early 1990s albums were spiritual music, Gospel (1990), the Spanish-language Nuestras Canciones, the multilingual, Mediterranean-themed Côté Sud, Côté Coeur (1992), Dix Mille Ans Encore, Falling in Love Again: Great Songs From the Movies. Falling in Love featured two duets with Harry Belafonte.
Plus I'm sure Colin isn't a bad bloke in real life and probably doesn't wear a black and silver mask.
Strange flowers and a stranger smell... rue certainly doesn't work in everyone's garden. But My Florida Backyard is a wildlife garden, and rue is a wildlife plant, so we like it. What's the strangest thing growing in your garden, and why do you grow it?
Anyway, our pico de gallo was simple, simple: cherry tomatoes, minced jalapeño, onion, and cilantro, the juice of half a lime and a pinch of salt. Nothin’ to it.
The Text kiln was also at one time used as a church for Sunday services which further establishes the quote attributed to Benjamin Franklin that “beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy”. Hmm, good name for a show, that.
In kEraLa, some people pronounce butter as vutter.
If you are interested in the national private midwifery scene, or trying to locate a midwife outside Victoria, please go to the APMA blog.
in this passing life.
The young man had all of his necessary instruction, shooting qualifications, paperwork, fingerprints, et al finished and was waiting on that magical day that some how transforms him from a snot-nosed rampaging can't-be-trusted punk into a responsible citizen who can now legally drink responsibly and purchase a handgun and carry it concealed.
There is supposedly a sequel in the works, with Keanu Reeves attached. I don’t know how it would work with the ending of this film, but revisiting this piece of junk makes it obvious that they left it open for a sequel. (Even though the character is supposedly dead) In all actuality, after the total abomination that is the Wachowski’s Speed Racer, I really don’t want to know.
A/N: I’m sorry for my mistake before *deep bow* so I repost this fict. I hope everyone still want to read it^^ Don’t forget to comment okay! well, this fict for a halloween but it’s too late ~~; Happy reading!
In honour of my optimistic Spring feeling today I am giving you a recipe for a lovely Daffodil Cake. I hope you try it and it brings a little sunshine to your day.
There will also be extra tit-bits of info when I remember to mention them.
Anyway, I’ve digressed. The reason I began writing this post was because as we listened to music to decide what song we wanted as part of the ceremony and what song we wanted as our first dance (David had originally wanted “Blue’s Man,” by Alan Jackson but changed his mind, we were dancing to the music in our living room. It was romantic and sweet, and reminded us both of how excited we are about the wedding, but mostly about our marriage. We’re both starting to get really excited about things. As we narrow down some of the finer details of the wedding it’s becoming more REAL.
She began by fan-folding two sections of a book, a process she describes in her blog post. She also utilized actual clockworks and a real watch. Steampunk style cogs and gears are stamped at the base of the vertical backdrop. I absolutely LOVE the way she continues her use of book text from the base up into the main piece.
They then put in their pocket a piece of paper with the name of the person for whom the bank accounts and insurance policies were taken out.
Just so ya know.)
Despite his reputation as some sort of English Marcuse or Fanon, Thompson had a troubled, ambiguous relationship with the radical students he taught in the '60s and '70s. Thompson got his politics from nineteenth century Romantics and from English plebian movements like Levellers and the Chartists. His vision of the future relied heavily on the British past.
The offerings are vast and prices vary. A very informative article can be found at PCMag. This is a top 10 wireless router picks post. While I don't agree with a few of their choices, this is an excellent place to start research on your wifi purchase. Hope this helps.
You can exercise day in and day out and still not see the weight loss results you want. If it’s time to get more from your effort, looking into interval training as implemented at San Diego boot camps makes a whole lot of sense. This precision workout can provide the calorie-burning push you’ve been lacking in your routine. Go to www.GetSexySanDiego.com for more details.
Sent: Monday, April 09, 2012 7:01 PM
More to come at a later time...not designated...time for breakfast.
From lacrossetribune.com: “Our view: Jobs more important than politics” – Counting jobs — or the lack of jobs — seems to be a popular Wisconsin pastime these days, perhaps surpassed only for a few months in the fall by avid hunters obsessed with the way we count deer in the woods.
Thanks to everyone for indulging me in this chance to share a story that's very special to me. Now get to entering!
When you exit the other side, your ears pop and you feel funny. It looks like you've just stepped back into your mama's womb. It's a bit disorienting, and if you think of it as your mother's womb, it's a little gross.
I've taken the suggestions here to heart, and tried to incorporate them as best I can.
I have a dear friend who is very ill and just had a pace maker put in...I think this card would Cheer him up.
As I behold the Christ in people with whom I live and work, I behold, appreciate and praise their innate goodness. I recognize that we all are following the divine light within to the best of our ability, no matter what the appearance.
*adhesive of your choice (not shown)
A day without color will never exist
Well, it’s been a while since the last update and it’s been a bit insane to say the least.
One of my favourite places to shop is… Dollarama! Although you really need to have time and patience, because it’s notoriously difficult to find what you’re looking for – and to walk out with only what you were looking for. I was only trying to find a glass jar, and ended up with cute extras that I couldn’t help buying.
Patrick Breen is wonderful as the eccentric and anachronistic Nick. His Texan dialect – which helps to play into the Americana of the entire film – is pitch perfect, and he plays his character with absolute sincerity. Breen also has a charisma about him that is perfect for Nick, which is a nod to an excellent casting decision. Alexandra Chando plays the 16-year-old Gloria with just as much charisma and sincerity as Breen, but is that much eerier simply because of the age of her character. Chando, although a 25-year-old actress, is able to play a high school girl believably, and gives the role a sense of maturity that might otherwise be missing with a younger actress. Though both Richard Bekins and Betsy Aidem do well with what they’re given, and share an excellent chemistry as the mother and father, it would’ve been great to see their roles developed a bit further.
So out of the total of 12 fish that I bought for the pond this spring - 4 Shubkins, 2 Fantails and 6 gold fish only 6 survived. 1 of the 4 Shubkins survived, 1 Fantail and 4 goldfish survived. Most died within a few days of them coming home except for 2 of the gold fish - they died a couple of months later. So for next spring I now have 10 fish for the pond. I might pick up another Shubkin and Fantail before spring. Oh and all 5 snails that I put into the pond survived and no baby snails that I could see either.
Their kids were out playing in their yard, a perfect picture of a family Saturday. Mine kids were...somewhere. I think Youngest was down the street. Middle when across to another neighbor's house to hang out, and I know she was playing volleyball in that yard for a while. And Oldest? Well, his bike was parked by the walk leading up to the porch, so he had been somewhere at some point. Told you I'm bad at keeping track.
Dinner was a very flavorful salad with lots of veggies and a lemon-ginger dressing. I did crave some popcorn with our family movie night, but I resisted the temptation and had some "chips" and salsa instead. I also had a terrible lust for some red wine, especially since there's an open bottle spoiling as we speak, but I said no and it feels good not to care.
Got green pond water and don’t know how to make it clear again? Read this important information.
Researchers say if a person’s biological clock (circadian rhythms) or sleep cycles are disturbed, the body doesn’t function as well – as well as the brain’s thinking ability declines – to the point of being possibly dangerous in complex situations.
***Please don't forget to leave some love for these talented ladies if you do use some of their images. It's so encouraging for them to hear that someone appreciates their work!
Even now it seems kind of weird, and honestly a little embarrassing to admit (especially at my age), that I still sometimes feel like that teenager back in middle school and high school. Wanting to be accepted and liked, wanting to fit in.
$0.01 dip trio with any order of $10 or more. Not valid with consultant discounts.
to have a
6) DO get all 3 photos taken and pick 'the best' one.
and, i will leave negative thoughts out. i will promise myself that i will breathe every time i feel like i am drowning.
Still, the rule about writing drivel for magazines is that the drivel must be written in a timely, monthly fashion. Oh, we may not have a really good idea for a funny tale this month, but the magazine is coming out, the advertisers are paying and geez, gotta write something. So it is with a blog, too ... except that its a little harder, because the drivel doesn't earn 55 cents a word. But then, it's easier too, since no one ever needs to be impressed. It's a blog. No one ever expects to be impressed.
Other notes: Planning and communication are key to this program. My co-facilitator and I stay in contact via email and in-person meetings. It is important to know what each other thinks about the books, the program, the participants, and any possible problems. Be sure to stay in touch and address them.
eat beans again - unless you want to.'
Image ... Magnolia
want to do it quick, they want to be
Many of the crew and men from the stokehold were lined up, with apparently not a thought of attempting to get into a boat without orders. Purser H.W. McElroy, as brave and as fine a man as ever lived, was standing up in the next to last boat, loading it. Two men, I think they were dining-room stewards, dropped into the boat from the deck above. As they jumped, he fired twice into the air. I do not believe they were hit, but they were quickly thrown out. McElroy did not take a boat and was not saved. I should say that all this took place on “A” deck, just under the boat deck.
"Great Expectations"
Roy walks around the bar and orders a drink from a different bartender. He tries his trick with the twenty and ten again, but this bartender must have seen it before, as rather than grab the bill, he grabs Roy's wrist and exposes the palmed twenty. He holds Roy there and reaches under the bar grabbing a club, which he jabs into Roy's gut, sending him across the room. Roy leaves doubled over, having trouble breathing.
For anyone starting school this week I wish you a fantastic first day and let me know what your favourite day of the year is and why.
The actor apparently called in to the protest to say he couldn’t make it, but some demonstrators didn’t believe it was really Danny Glover on the call.
Now, one may assume that given Dabney's background, this segment would be music-related ... but (rubs hands together in fiendish manner) we actually did something a little different. In fact we may or may not have gotten way ambitious. That's because we filmed an interview, some Oscar predictions, AND a fashion montage. That's right -- a fashion montage.
French Man: "Longs Peak was teasing us, but she stayed hidden."
Lindsey
Where were we last night? Where? At the super killer English Dogs show!!! What a fantastic show, featuring three original members from the 1984/1987 era with a new pair of brothers on bass and other guitar. They played Forward Into Battle and To The Ends Of The Earth, and it was a totally amazing demonstration in crossover. The only song from the punk era was the encore Psycho Killer. The whole performance was a blast of megazer, an avalanche of killer 80s thrash with all the teeth and claw of all the awesome come-backs we had the chance to watch in the past years like Razor, Exciter/Beehler, Vulcain, Raven, Amebix, Onslaught... We can only hope they record these sets for a live release, Bitte schön. Don't miss them if this tour's trajectory crosses your area.
ASSOCIATED PRESS
Gray is not the extent of what causes confusion and frustration
1) I am thrilled to have access to my friend's beautiful villa in a Florida coastal town. This weekend the children and I reveled in the quiet, the expansive space, the gorgeous surroundings, and the ability to focus with few distractions.
Fans were just arriving when this was going on. Imagine how cool it would be entering the building and already seeing two guys brawling in and out of the ring. It was pandemonium at its finest. They even went outside of the Impact Zone where people are waiting to get in. However, Gunner and Murphy stopped this.
-Reed asked me the other day why his “sheeps” weren’t on the bed.
A few fresh chives, finely diced
The Killing airs Sundays at 9pm on AMC
He doesn’t endlessly nag and scold,
And just a heads up that I am working on the next quarterly challenge. I will reveal all about it next week with sign ups in case you would like to join me on the journey!
There are some great toys in this sale:
He was investigating a member of this same group that I was.
My patience is growing....
so sweetly she couldn’t remember her troubles,and
So I've been busy - because 'operation cat' has finally come to fruition and in a weeks time we will be welcoming "Mrs Peel" in to our family. She's a rescue cat and we met her the other night. I'm so excited I think I'm becoming a little annoying.
* Electric Guitars
In my new job, I get to write from my living room. I don't have a commute. I don't have other people annoying me with their quirky habits and strange bodily noises. I have ample time to exercise every morning and I can take a little longer getting ready if I want—all I need to do is set my laptop on the bathroom sink and it's like I'm right there in the office. If Mr. W sends me an IM asking me to put his laundry in the dryer or go find a bank statement for him, I can do it in a flash. I can sit next to my open sliding glass door and listen to the neighbor practicing piano. I can make myself smoothies after lunch. I can sing a song to my cat (although I probably would have done that at Yahoo! too). I can run to get my hair cut in the middle of the day. I can burp loudly whilst drinking my morning Dr. Pepper.
In Japan, selling a company over the heads of management is unthinkable. And while India has bought UK enterprises such as Jaguar Rover, it won’t allow British firms to take full control of its own companies.
As a fund raiser for Spring Fling participants were asked to make a figure to fit into a certain sized frame. These are being auctioned during the exhibition. This is mine. Honestly thank heavens I don't have to frame things very often, got me in a right tizzy trying to do that neatly.
The reason for HDR is to extend a camera’s limited dynamic range
But actually no-one knows when Shakespeare was born. He died on 23rd April 1616 and had been baptised 26th April 1564. It was customary to baptise babies within days of their birth in the mid-sixteenth century. Hence the convenience of assigning him one date for the beginning and end of his life.
AbeBooks: Tintin was born, figuratively speaking, on January 10, 1929 when Georges Remi’s comic strip hero appeared in a children’s supplement of the Belgian newspaper, Le XXe Siecle. The strip has survived various political regimes, a world war, changing consumer tastes and accusations of racial stereotyping and colonialism.
Blaine in her later years was managed by Rob Cipriano and L’Etoile Talent Agencies in New York City. Cipriano spent the early 1980s developing projects for Blaine including Puppy Love a TV sitcom with Jake LaMotta and Pat Cooper. She always shared in meeting that working with Cipriano reminded her working with her first husband Manny Franks.
Query Shark: yes I read all the archives." fiction 78K words/historical/romantic/thriller.
First and foremost, it must be a SCENE -- with all the components of a scene in their proper places and proportions as delineated in those previous posts.
4. Occasionally, executing a maneuver such as a left turn would cause your car to shut down and refuse to restart, in which case you would have to reinstall the engine.
Only a few weeks ago I didn’t even know whether I’d attend, having booked the weekend on a whim during one of my fight back moments. For aspiring author's to attend, one of the conditions was entering the New Talent Award. Back in August when I (somehow) managed to complete my first novel, 'Mother's Love' for the RNA New Writer’s Scheme, I received some excellent and encouraging feedback, but with everything else that has gone on over recent weeks, I haven’t got round to starting the suggested revisions. And so I duly emailed the required first chapter and synopsis of ‘Mother’s Love’ to Kate Allan, delightful author and organiser of the Festival without another thought.
It took me several days to work this out...I'd play with this or that and then leave it on my messy desk. The trick was to make a template in cardstock of the shape, draw that on a thin piece of foam(but wider then the item is) by tracing around the template with a sharpie marker. Then cut out the drawn shape making it deep enough for the item to sit in so only one surface is exposed! As a precaution I also wrapped the edges of the suitcases and perfume bottles with tape before embedding them in the foam as well.
So the precedent was set with the very first athlete to use the Wild Card as Michael Johnson did NOT compete at the 1997 National Championships!
Fourth, the content hits directly on a real challenge of philanthropy - one that I first encountered in my dissertation research - the whole concept of "problem definition." At the time I was interested in this in terms of the power dynamics - "He who gets to define the problem generally gets to define his preferred solution." Of course, Lee is asking me (us?) to consider the feasibility of actually solving problems - in terms of resources and time horizons and the philanthropic reality versus rhetoric of metrics this has real implications.
and gown and cap—
185 ***7. “Legal Realism, the New Journalism, and The Brethren.” Duke Law Journal, vol. 1983, pp. 1045-74 (November 1983). (Sources: Items D-II/23/1980 and III/19/1980, below, and C-1976(2), above. Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 275-94 (1992).)
Ham Tetrazzini
One Sunday morning, I invited a dear friend of mine, Father Todd, an Anglican priest to teach. His visit took place just as we were starting out, so our fledgling group sat around the coffee tables scrunched up close to make it look like there were more people present than there actually were.
Pi (6144 Delmar Boulevard, 10935 Manchester Rd, 400 North Euclid Avenue) It’s crazy to think that only three years ago, there was only a single Pi. Within the next year or so, we’ll see another one in downtown St. Louis and even one in Washington DC. It’s one of the best pizzas in St. Louis and owner Chris Sommers has done a great job of making sure to keep some great beer on draught.
For doing the quest once: +500 MaxHP and +100 Weapon/Magic DEF
I don’t know. I just basically think of running and then running happens by itself.
After a long absence from the blog, I am back with loads of new stuff to post. Millions (well nearly) of cakey and baking books to review (its a serious addiction of mine and all part of the plan to own and use 200 good baking/cook books by the time I'm 40). I have been really busy with weddings but sadly have been very lax with the photos. Still lots to post about though, so lets get on shall we?
Cameos from Luenelle, Wendy Williams and Chris Brown (yeah, I’m as surprised as you that he has a comedic side) are goofy without being over the top. What could have been a heavy or corny film is instead a laugh riot that informs and entertains. Think Like A Man is a rare treat; a movie that lets you peek into how men and women think ala Sex and the City, but gives you something to think about and discuss afterward, like the best take-heart conversation from your best friends.
However, Pardo still fears the effects of widespread paywall use. Such a system, she says, could lead to an elitist news model, only offering information to those who can afford it.
“The trailers and the anthem of this show have been running on television for quite a while, but I had not seen the videos. When I heard it, I was shocked. In 2000, Euphoria released its second album Phir Dhoom, and one of its songs was named Satyameva Jayate. And the chorus of composer Ram Sampath’s version of Satyamev Jayate is exactly the same as the chants in our song. They’ve basically used the same refrain. Jo baaki ka gaana hai, that has different words and tune. But the mainstay of the song – the chorus – is ours. Which is why I’ve sent a legal notice to them,” says Palash.
I had no idea what I was doing, but I figured there wasn't much more to it than slapping on some watered down paint. So I gathered my materials and mixed the magic potion...
“Affirmative,” the voice replied.
Director: Leigh Jason
Au Revoir Simone (Brooklyn-based trio comprised of Heather D' Angelo, Erika Forster and Annie Hart) release a new studio album on their own label, Our Secret Recording Company.
the world, in various ways; the point is to change it.” It’s a 1845 Marx quote used by Occupy groups around the world. Marx had little patience with the well intentioned but doomed naivety of small groups trying to design a perfect society in the seclusion of a wilderness. If you want to improve society you must start by improving political structures. Occupy is unequivocally not seeking to change the political system from the inside out and this makes it, in the Marxian analysis, a utopist movement misunderstanding Marx’s slogan. Still: it is to better to quote Marx wrongly than to quote rightly from that great unwashed Hegelian harlequin: Slavoj Zizek.
The proper goal of a story is not to judge what is right and what is wrong, what is good and what is evil. More important is for us to determine whether, inside us, the variable elements and the traditional elements are moving forward in harmony with each other, to determine whether individual stories and the communal stories inside us are joined at the root.
What is your take on the current state of the punk/diy scene locally in Swansea and nationally within Wales?
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!!
"FUCK! HIM! UP! RED!!!"
Due Date: Tuesday, May 29, 11:59 PM (2 days)
They couldn’t go real beefy with the surround because I wanted a DEEP mantel and enough space around the fire box to install tile. So in order to make that work, the sides were a bit thinner, but the molding and mantel were chunkaaaay.
Cast of Saved By the Bell
Let it set in the fridge for at least 1h before filling the macarons.
If it wasn't for the fact I've read the book a few times and seen the Lido 72 times (I know, tragic isn't it? The things one does for love) - then I'd be hot-footing it over the Channel myself and grabbing me a copy of the book and Lido 2-for-1 voucher.
Have a wonderful day–enjoy the sunshine, rejoice in the fact that today is the last official day of winter, and go make yourself an avo-dilla!
Yes, it sounds a bit vampiry but it is actually a clever play with words in Swedish. Mixing the words of The vascular system and running competition it becomes an interesting homonym. In Swedish it is Blodomloppet.
The mood for this essay was provided by Donovan and “Ferris Wheel.”
3. Pour the curd mixture & stir continuously. Add salt to taste.
My desire is to have this verse as a reality in my life. Planted and connected right to the source of life – God. Not just occasionally but all the time.
This morning’s trip to the dentist for a filling replacement, therefore, seemed more promising than usual.
Brayden is doing awesome in his big boy bed! :) I asked him where the baby sleeps and he pointed to the crib, and I asked him where he sleeps and he showed me his room. It was too cute. I put the crib bedding in the crib- I couldn't wait- but I am waiting on some other things before I post pictures of her room.
It's like last summer never happened. The expenses scandal which rocked the establishment and led to mass resignations and MPs being arrested was a figment of our perverse imaginations.
These daisies are not delicate and graceful like their sisters which grow in the south. God gave them strong, tough stems that keep them upright in the furious gusts of wind. If we could see their roots, I am sure they would be tightly entwined around the rocks they grow in. We need to bloom where the Lord has planted us. The Lord knows what is best for us. In His wisdom, He has prepared and conditioned us for the environment where He has chosen to place us. The wind may seem unbearable as it threatens to tear our very roots from the earth. We may barely cling to life. Our service may seem so futile, so completely unknown. But the One who created and called us knows our work and labor of love. He sees us, has compassion on us, and promises, "as thy days, so shall thy strength be." (Deut. 33:25) We can bring wonderful glory to our Savior by blooming in beautiful courage, growing and thriving wherever He has chosen to plant us.
Gregory: perhaps not
From the sea, we chilled on the beach, getting to know each other better and sharing stories from home and breaking cultural stereotypes. Once more we took to the sea, laughing as we asked to see Miss July and Miss October, as Ingrid got Nik to take pictures of her in the water. After another couple of hours chilling in the sun we decided it was time to make a move. The five hours on the road were well worth the four hours we enjoyed on the beach.
Spray pan with Pam (AWAY FROM STOVE!) and put pan to heat. Dip each slice in the egg mix and place quickly on pan.
RAMESSES – SAFETY IN NUMBNESS
heartbeat increased in intensity as the Warden's agents came closer to where she hid. She had to get away, but couldn't think of how. Then suddenly one of the flashlight beams crossed over her, and the a man's yell of triumph echoed through the warehouse. "Got her! She's over here!" Willow closed her eyes as panic raced through
WIE: Yes, please do.
They dominated the caucuses in Louisiana, carrying four out of six congressional districts with a tie in a fifth. That means 74 percent of the state’s convention delegates will be Paul backers.
our train was set for cinque terra, which i think means 5 towns, because there is a stretch of the coastline that has 5 very quaint little towns that are stacked on the steep hillside down to the ocean.
OBSTACLES: Not many remember the gothic soap opera and those who are fans might just resent the more comic turn.
Many vendors have posted portable power generator review on their official websites. It is an ultimate source for explaining the best features of portable generator. Nature is the provider of all the beautiful elements like air, water, soil etc. which in turn results into man made resources like electricity, water reservoirs, wind mills etc. these days people are rapidly running towards evolution as large amount of crowd is in favor of non natural elements like harmful chemicals, polluted gases of vehicles, excess of noise, cigarettes, alcohol etc. As a result nature harms the human in different forms. Electricity crisis is one of them.
About one month later, the woman was surprised to see a nice clean wash on the line and said to her husband:
This is the easiest thing ever. Grab some 2x4's or 2x2's, make a square or rectangle and nail or glue them together. (above)
should play or who should not
I also purchased some wonderful partner reading texts this year, all from the "You Read to Me, I Read to You" series, and they have been a hit!
Doggie: E17, 15, 13, 42, 41, 40, dark umber and french grey 70% pencils
if you do not already have friends who like to play computer games, then scanning through gaming forums on the internet is another way to get good and cheap deals for used laptop. Internet makes it easy for you to do this. Go to google.com and start searching for gaming forums. Visit each and everyone and see if they have a Trading Section. You will definitely find many posts from gamers looking to sell their gaming laptops.
i do love ferns.
I love honour and respect The trees and plants
Sam starts commenting on how the kid looks like Ms. Briggs and Carly turns the conversation to another topic, Ms. Briggs’ breasts. While this takes place, Freddie keeps recording.
Peel and chop sweet potatoes into 1 inch chunks. Place in steamer over water and set for 30-35 minutes. Remove and immersion blend, place in blender or Vitamix using the left over water from steamer (holds nutrients). Serve.
Your newborn will look simply angelic in her white headband or bow. Give her that summer princess feel by crowning her with a Zoey headband, which has a narrow white band and precious pink organza bow (above left).
Lastly, I had a terrifying nightmare last night. I haven't had a nightmare in years and I don't remember all of what happened in this one but I remember a little. Still, I don't want to talk about it and would rather forget about what happened in the nightmare and what caused it.
The last one for this week is a shot from two years ago. Taken along the Kancamagus Highway in the White Mountain National Forest in New Hampshire.
Good morning and happy Monday to all!! After a short vacation, the carts at SCACD are back open for business, and Susana has of course been busy adding more fantastic new goodies to the shelves. :) Here's just a little taste of what's new:
Now, I haven’t watched more than a handful of episodes of How I Met Your Mother because I don’t have cable and CBS doesn’t play nice with Hulu, but what I have seen left me with a positive impression of Cobie Smulders. Still, the decision just kind of came from out of nowhere for me and while it neither increased nor decreased my excitement for the movie, I was kinda curious to see if Joss Whedon and Co. had included her because they planned on using Maria Hill as a bit of comic relief (or as the straight man for someone else), or if Smulders had the acting chops to play hard and serious on the bridge of the Helicarrier.
Since things aren't working out with the Cub, and the Forehead Kisser got offered a job in Atlanta and will be packing up and leaving town in as little as two weeks, I decided that Memorial Day weekend would be FILLED with many first dates...and so it was. But I digress, because there is one incident that I couldn't wait to blog about.
I have been here before, last year I stayed with the kids for 6 months while E was away.
As you know, my first priority are to purebred GSPs in Wisconsin's shelter system. As you know, I'm thinking "adoptability" immediately. I get a couple lines into this bio and I'm done. The dog sounds fairly unadoptable to me. And that pisses the tester off (she's with border collie rescue) because she's apparently one of those dog rescue folks who love pity cases. Who wouldn't? I mean, doesn't every being have it's worth? Why of course. But remember, my responsibility is also to adopters who come to us to adopt the "perfect" dog. As you know, they don't want old dogs, they don't want barkers, runners, aggressive, fat, untrained; well, you get my drift. So, what about Tootsie? Is any of this her fault? Why of course not. But is it my responsibility? HELL NO! These are the things that make my face go numb, making me wonder if the "big one" is coming, as in stroke time. Here is the bottom line folks. I am not God. I am not a saviour. Now I will loose sleep over Tootsie's crappy ass situation, and it's not her fault or mine. It is what it is. All I can do is put the word out, keep my ears and eyes open, and perhaps someone will come along who wants Tootsie. But today's not looking like her lucky day. And I will carry that until I get lucky enough to forget. If possible. It plains sucks. If you can't look at having a dog for the "long term", walk away. Don't make me have to be 'the responsible'. You will only shove me up one more rung on the "stroke-o-meter" ladder.
So I present to you with some irony my #stylememay submission. It's a blogger challenge wrapped in a blogger challenge with an instragram twist. Mind equals blown! #stylememay May 8:Fresh lipstick color...
3. Favorite breakfast food:
In the three years since then, over 10,000 unique visitors have stopped by to spend a little time here. That amazes me. Not because I think I'm uninteresting, but rather I am amazed by the sheer scope of reach my words have here. When I was doing my radio show in Richmond, VA, many years back, I don't think I reached 10,000 people! Certainly I didn't reach folks from so many varied locations. You've come to my blog from Spain, Japan, New Zealand, the UK, Sweden, Malaysia, Croatia and more other countries than I can list here. In fact, six of the seven continents have sent readers to this blog (only Antarctica remains - come on, where are my Antarctic readers?!?).
2) Coffee shop
Since 1989, the 69-year-old has been at the controls of the museum's famous Lancaster — one of just two of the big Second World War bombers that can still fly.
Sponsored by UK Trade & Investment, the exhibition at La Triennale di Milano also includes models and prototypes of the Torch and has been inaugurated with a launch event which saw the presence of the designers, Edward Barber and Jay Osgerby, the Milan City Councilor for sports and leisure, Assessore Chiara Bisconti in Milan.
Well after school on Mondays he also has speech. She comes to the house and is here when he gets home. He gives her a hard time every week unless she is doing something he wants to do. He does this great thing where he pretends that he is falling asleep and tells her " My meds make me sleepy" Ummm ya. Nice try buddy. Your meds haven't med you sleepy in months, and they don't make you tired Tuesday thru Sunday. So natural consequence... In life if you are tired and falling asleep you go to bed. So I sent him to go lay down. The raging fit that followed that was ginormous. He was screaming at me that he wasn't tired for what seemed like hours. But I stood my ground and finally he gave up. Speech came Tuesday too for a make up day, and he was much better and not tired at all!!! LOL
So will we keep dating? Maybe. Will we live together again? Maybe. Will we break up? Maybe. Will we part ways and never speak again? Maybe. Will this all get figured out and we'll live happily ever after? Maybe. Will we each meet someone else to spend the rest of our lives with? Maybe.
Shortly after he turned 57, he began having pain in his left hand and was diagnosed with osteoarthritis, primar­ily affecting his fingers. At first, his symptoms were well-controlled and he was able to continue his practice on a full-time basis. Over the next 12 to 18 months, however, his condition gradually worsened, making it evident that he was nearing the point where he would no lon­ger be able to perform such procedures.
K.
Aware of the suffering brought about when we impose our views on others, we are committed not to force others, even our children, by any means whatsoever – such as authority, threat, money, propaganda, or indoctrination – to adopt our views. We will respect the right of others to be different and to choose what to believe and how to decide. We will, however, help others renounce fanaticism and narrowness through practicing deeply and engaging in compassionate dialogue.
Dec 31: Describe the first time you remember saying I love you to someone outside your family.
(3 hour-half day or 6 hour-all day version)
My father just cut to the chase and made one.
But anyway, catching up, here's what went on in the field those few weeks ago.
Winner has been emailed and has 48 hours to respond or another winner will be chosen!
Let us wait how Ocean Tomo does the London auction before giving the final verdict.
Health officials took Hepburn on a tour of a tuberculosis ward in Toronto, advising him none of the children with Bovine TB came from Toronto, but from smaller rural communities. He was told that passing a provincewide requirement for pasteurization, could empty the children’s ward of patients in the future. He reportedly replied, “Done!”…”
I don’t have a cell phone. I have very little interest in changing this.
I have managed to get T's presents - all are either second hand or greatly discounted in price. Feeling quite proud of myself with this achievement. I am off work from Thursday until the beginning of January when T goes back to school, I cant wait until I'm off, I really feel that I need the break. January is likely to be a busy month with beloved planning to work on his mum's bathroom which needs some repairs. I'm planning to sell more items on ebay and I also plan to sell some jewellry and other bits and bobs that I no longer want or need. What is the point of keeping them -taking up valuable space! For now I'm looking forward to Yule celebrations x
State of the Race
As a quick refresher, ‘Career VB Drinkers’ claimed that VB had changed noticeably due to (a) CUB trying to save money in tax by lowering the ABV of the beer, (b) By brewing it in Queensland and (c) by altering the recipe.
Of those, the person usually held primarily responsible for the attempted railroading of the three members of the Duke Lacrosse team who were charged with a crime that never happened, was the local district attorney, Michael Nifong, who was subsequently disbarred in June 2007 following a series of ethical and prosecutorial abuse he committed in relation to this case . These abuses included the issuing of numerous prejudicial, guilt presuming and misleading statements to the press regarding the accused, he effectively took control of the case, and allegedly persuaded the local Durham police to violate their own identification processes to assist the accuser in identifying lacrosse players as her attackers, after she had failed to do so on a number of occasions. (the police only included pictures of lacrosse players in the photographs shown to the accuser, and she was told this, so she knew there were no wrong answers).
Next time someone asks me what I want to do.
I don't know if I can accurately describe Max. My vet told me he had more character than any cat he's ever seen. Anyone who spent time around Max loved him. You had to. He didn't give you a choice. If you sat down, you were petting him, and your lap now became his. You could toss him down 50 times, and 50 times, he would jump right back up.
I don’t call men. I never have. Yeah, I know…it’s so…50s. So…Ward and June Cleaver. So…me. I never initiate communication. I don’t want to misread a man’s signals and then push myself into his world. I would rather wait and see. Or in this case…wait, and wait, and wait.
Sometimes there are soft currents.
Gorgeous WOW! Embossing powders and Stamp sets - these powders are such great quality and give you really sharp embossing - I won't use anything else now! Available in lots of Pretty colours as well as the essentials. The stamp sets are amazing value too and include sentiments, images and background stamps too.
Old Knudsen isn't really a fan of his straight forward non- imaginative directing but has seen Avatar .......... back when it was Dances with wolves.
I think this notion that there are rules to writing a story can be a very dangerous one. You only have to look at what's happened to the screenplays of Hollywood movies in recent years. They have all sorts of flakey rules about narrative structure and character arcs and 'a reversal before the second act climax' and all the rest of it, and as a result the movies have become more and more mechanical, homogenised and interchangeable. I'd much rather read a story which takes a few risks and maybe doesn't always succeed than one which carefully ticks all the boxes on some Creative Writing checklist. So take all advice with a pinch of salt. (Including this advice.)
YES, you read that right, Saturday afternoon and Sunday morning and we found her this lovely loot.
Pre-and-post-breakfast coloring, in PJs. A daily routine in our house.
In his latest interview two days ago, he lets out much info either openly or in Intel code. He mentions “all of the sudden there are many Drakes out there” and “There is only one of me.” This indicates that they have clones of him ready to go out and put forth disinfo.
I will save giving a proper update on Allegra for when I do her '6 months' post in a few weeks time... I know, 6 months, I can't believe it either! AND I have so much to fill you in on in general... including one rather exciting piece of news which I hope to share soon! ﻿Now off to tackle those suitcases... hmph. x
I am not working, I am not doing anything, I am not really living. But I am breathing.
And then you further limit it by what you think you can do, by what you believe you can do, by further narrowing what you believe are your talents and abilities. You have spent years bringing in and bringing to blossom the totality of your being — of all aspects, all qualities, all parts of yourself. That is not limited.
4) Naty Ice
Yes, Mother's Day feels like ages ago now. But this post has been writing itself in my head since then.
A Britain where there's one newspaper - The Guardian - and one live news channel - The BBC.
On May 14th, 2012, I'll pick twelve names using Random.org, and each of those names will win a book of my choosing from this list. That's it. After you win, I'll email you, and you have 48 hours to respond before I pick another winner. I'll also email you the title you won, and if you want to opt out, I'll draw another winner.
On another note, I want to get my blog to where I have more followers. So maybe I need to have a giveaway. I'm going to ponder the idea and maybe come up with something handmade to give away. I'm still having trouble getting my blog to look like some of the other blogs that I follow. Maybe I can find a little help to fix it up.
Checking one of two external links that still work on the Wikipedia page, I came across a federal lawsuit that mentions "Mojo," Anna Cole and Muddy. In this suit, a woman named Ruth Stratchborneo was suing songwriter Preston "Red" Foster, who wrote "Got My Mojo Working" as well as Muddy Waters and Dare Records owner Saul Rabinowitz, who introduced the song to Anne Cole.
Science fiction has been unpopular over recent years, but most genres come and go in waves of popularity so we are all fully expecting its return! It is considered quite specialist – many publishing editors wouldn’t feel that know enough about this genre to be able to judge a good one.
Unfortunately, the episodes of Vampire Knight that I had downloaded were incomplete episodes, so I have to finish downloading and converting them. Until then, we need to decide on an anime for the Brigade. Next week is pretty short, so a three-episode series for this next week, and then a new series for the week after that. The rules for a series are as follows:
I wish I knew
If you can’t wait and want a copy of this amazing digital scrapbooking software NOW, get a $10 discount off the purchase price and a $10 coupon for the My Memories.com store – yay! Enter the following code at checkout: STMMMS23226.
Following some very impressive performances by the GB team in Israel which saw promotion for the Judy Murray led squad the draw for April’s Fed Cup World Group II play-offs as been made.
In the midst of the first two weeks of consultations over the Ontario government’s proposed compensation freeze, members of the Ontario Public Service Employees Union have begun a strike for a first contract at Northern Ontario School of Medicine (NOSM)… All public sector workers have an interest in a successful strike here.
became closer----I can't explain the love and joy these
3 cups rice, cooked
Poor reviews aren’t nice either. Taunting the Dead is a controversial book. The main character does something that most readers can sympathise with because I feel it makes her human. But some readers have said they don’t believe she would act like that or even that she shouldn’t have acted like that. It’s good to evoke controversy, though.
*G-20 SAYS EURO AREA WILL IMPLEMENT EFSF STEPS BY NEXT G-20
Information sources so far are included below! ALSO below that shows pictures of my advanced planning on our website planning worksheets.
Those who are furious that a great American icon business is no more,
Last week, Yum Restaurants India-owned Pizza Hut rolled out 4-5 inch pizzas in select markets such as Gurgaon-NCR at entry-level prices of Rs 29 each – that’s the lowest in the Indian market by any player and the lowest for any of 117 countries where Louisville-based $12 billion Yum Brands operates.
very stressful time in her life.
Now that student postings for the semester are coming to an end for the semester, I can update the blog with things that alarm me regarding Microbiology. Hence this posting from the Centers for Disease Control regarding a recent Campylobacter jejeuni outbreak from an unsuspected source. I also just noticed that this is the 200th posting on YCPMicro, so it seems appropriate to note this momentous occasion with some truly horrific imagery of the danger of microorganisms and their reservoirs.
on Sunday, May 6th (be sure to set your alarm, mark your calendar or whatever else you need to do to get yourself some valuable freebies). If you don't have a TpT account, set one up so you can hit the jackpot!
How could we know what love must cost, O Lord
The son when contacted refused to take charge due to the pressure from his wife who had earlier thrown the father in law out because he wetted his pajama accidently on way to the loo in the night. He was called a dog who pisses anywhere,
There is one part of the military budget reactionaries are willing, even eager, to question: the DoD’s adoption of solar power and other forms of alternative energy. The Army, for example, wants to get at least 25% of its energy from renewable sources by 2025, and well, can't have that, can we?
It was a moment of classic parental overreach on my part. Correctly answering this kind of question would mean that he understood the concept and that his mind is agile enough to think around this kind of idea when it comes at him from another angle. It would also, most importantly in retrospect, validate my own efforts to teach him something. In this, his success would be my success, his failure would be my failure. Somewhere I vaguely I heard the Sirens singing.
and there were promises to keep
“Aye, we have a nice place up there, but Ulrica’s been wanting to meet your lambkin,” Aurelius replied, smirking at the young Flox. “For that and… well, for other reasons, her mind is made up. Rather than journey abroad, we’ll be spending our summer in the interior. How do you feel about long-term guests, Frey?”
My father passed on many years ago but he was in the Canadian Air force in WW2. I still remember hearing stories told by his friends and him,( most of which gave me nightmares) but there was another side to my father and that was of a poet.
At last I can settle and write about our time over Christmas and the snowy period. We spent the festive season with my sister, in her house. Which is a bit like going on holiday for us. Troy was very lucky in that he was able to have a room to himself, as normally he has to share with me. This was a great adventure for him, as well as great comfort for me. It is the first time he has had a room for just him and his things, so he has spent a lot of time in this space creating and just being himself. This is something most kids take for granted, unless they have to share with an older sibling, but Troy moved from sharing with me as a baby to living in a van. He does have his own space in the van as he sleeps above the driving cab, but it is not the same as a whole room to oneself.
During the brief pause that followed, I could sense him thinking about my embarrassment of plenty and being disgusted by it. Not only did I have $2.69 that I didn’t care about – probably enough to feed his entire family for a year — but I had mounds and mounds of paper records documenting my (comparatively) enormous wealth. It was too much trouble for the decadent American to exert himself a little.
Anyway, so I brought the Biscoff spread home and waited approximately .7 seconds before grabbing a spoon and giving it a taste. Verdict: tastes like the cookies. Good. Not better than Nutella, but good.
There has to be some good news to keep us all going. The panel were asked what was exciting at the moment. Wouldn't you know, but the answer was the advent of the Kindle and e books, which they all saw as part threat and part opportunity. In the US, any publishers not already on board with the technology are apparently being left behind.
In a recent study, Courtenay Haswell and colleagues investigated the ability of children with autism to learn a motor action, to counteract a perturbing force, and to generalize learning to other 'workspaces'.
Place the chicken in a roasting pan (on a rack preferably) breast side down and pour chicken stock and water in the bottom of the pan. Place pan in the center of the oven roasting for 20 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 400 degrees F. and turn the chicken over, breast side up. Continue roasting about 40 minutes or until internal temperature reads between 175-180 degrees F. The chicken is done when it turns a lovely golden brown and the legs wiggles loosely when twisted.
This is maybe a third of them. I'll have to start weeding through them and maybe selling the ones that I dont like any longer.
This makes enough to serve 6, but you can always keep leftovers in the fridge to reheat during the week!
Three Floyds Brewing Co. / Brewery & Pub Dreadnaught IPA
I fell in love with Tasmania, I truly did. So much of it is still untouched, there are still vast rolling properties and a world heritage area on this tiny island. I want a house here – a quiet escape, a beautiful view, lots of land and no TV. We fantasised the whole trip about buying 20 acres of rolling pasture by the ocean, and putting a caravan on it, until we had enough money, where the house I was already designing in my head could be built. And then I found it! While browsing HabitusLiving.com, I found somebody had built my dream house in my dream
So, are you saying that I’m God?
The style of this DLC is very much tongue in cheek and is set up almost like a B-Movie in tone – with a wonderfully creepy voiceover and some great music.
So I took the alleys. And Lucy was there but she stood at the side, and shook her head, and moved back and forth like she wanted to run away, or go for help, but was afraid, while Christie held me down and twisted my wrist while Barbara and Mary helped and scratched my arms and rubbed me on the gravel and Christie twisted harder to make me scream.
Back in the present, the show pretty much lives up to expectations. Phillips is at his best with this kind of quicksilver text: his production skitters over Wilde's profound surfaces with stylish ease. To his credit, Rush doesn't camp up Lady Bracknell, and makes a frighteningly convincing bellows-voiced aunt, a redoutable galleon in full sail. Christie Whelan (Gwendolen) and Emily Barclay (Cecily) are stand outs, handling the mercurial text with deceptive suppleness. On opening night, Patrick Brammall (Algy) and Toby Schmitz (John Worthing) seemed constrained, sometimes a little stilted, although this lifted in the second act. And I guess nobody could stop Bob Hornery from outrageously mugging the role of the senile butler, Merriman.
I mentioned that we were going to have dinner at the Dillard House in Dillard, Georgia. The Dillard House serves their meals family style — they bring the food to your table and you help yourself to what you would like. Betsy and I were able to get a table for two by the window. The table was very nice and we thought it was very roomy — until our server brought the food. As you can see from the picture above, the table suddenly became quite crowded. And dessert had yet to come!
If you have a home improvement project in mind to fix, repair or upgrade your home, you may qualify for free home improvement grant money, which can help pay for these costs. Whether you need to fix your roof, make homes in your neighborhood more safe, or upgrade to energy efficient appliances, the cash you need is available though various grant programs. Here’s how…
In 711 AD when the moors overran the south of Spain, they changed bullfighting significantly by introducing horse-mounted fighters. It all changed again in the 1700's, when they did away with the horse mounted fighters, and they became the matadors as we know them today.
For what’s it worth, I have experienced some adversity and believe me, it isn’t that fun when you’re in the middle of it..
_____What’s big round and hates you? The world (funny hate status)
A female attendee outbid a man in the audience by $5,000 to win the kiss.
#4 1981 Tony Tolson EP Austin 400 Meter Dash 46.74
(And here I thought "Pop Tarts" were only available on a store shelf!)
When Scott and I were in college there were no cell phones, no phones in dorm rooms and email did not exist... wow!!! So when I wanted to hear from him I had to call him from a PAY PHONE in the hallway. I can remember trying to keep our conversations private and crying when I had to hang up. (since I didn't know when I'd be able to talk to him again) I do believe that had we been able to instantly text each other all of the time we would have missed out. So we WROTE letters. Almost every day, at least once a week for 2 1/2 years! And I have every single one of those letters. One of these days I've got to take them out and read them again. (I know that we fell in love in those letters) Anyway, I love handwritten love letters, ohhh, ahhh....
Really it does.
A pendant for my aunt. It's lime green thread by Lizbeth with a thread of silver with it. Also there are some little beads in the middle. I'm not tooootally happy with it, but she liked it.
I gape at her. Amy never swears.
There is a fantastic website called Classics For Kids that we frequent at least once a week. They have weekly broadcasts that teach you about different composers. The broadcast is only 6 minutes long (not too long for littler ones) and they focus one one composer for an entire month. Along with the broadcast there is a little quiz for the kids to do while listening, and an activity page you can print.
It hasn’t helped that our real estate frenzy has sucked away time that Ava and I normally spend with the kids. Over the last couple of weeks I have spent multiple hours talking on the telephone with Ava, my parents, and real estate agents while trying to cook lunch, to get Polly through the bathroom process, to take the kids to the park, and to do any number of other basic activities during which the kids usually have our undivided attention. At first they thought our distraction was fun. It was something new for them to figure out. But now that this curiosity has worn off, they quickly become unhappy and demanding whenever the phone rings. It has been a stressful experience for all of us as Ava and I know exactly what is happening but feel compelled to continue with our conversations anyway.
SANTORUM: All three of these folks sound great and I agree with them. I would just add that health savings account, which I introduced 20 years ago with John Kasich, is really the fundamental reform of getting consumers back involved in the health care system.
Following the U.S. premiere, 2NE1TV’s 3rd season will officially be re-branded as “2NE1TV LIVE:WORLDWIDE“.
Enough with the disclaimers. Now some clarification:
Calvinism also maintains that because of our fallen nature we are born again not by our own will but God’s will (John 1:12-13); God grants that we believe (Phil. 1:29); faith is the work of God (John 6:28-29); God appoints people to believe (Acts 13:48); and God predestines (Eph. 1:1-11; Rom. 8:29; 9:9-23).
15. Captain Corelli's Mandolin - Louis de Bernieres
Factors behind it could include conflicts over land, power, security and expressions of group identity such as language, religion and culture; patterns of discrimination, overt justification for discriminatory practices; a history of genocide or human rights violations against a particular group; denial by the perpetrators; references to past human rights violations committed against a possible perpetrator group as justification.
Here is a close up of the butterflies to show you the glitter from the Stickles and to show you the slight bleeding that occurred. Please excuse the blurriness in the photo. I'm still using my old camera until I find the charger for my new camera! GRRR!!!
There's a collective sense throughout our team that Comrades have blown their stack. Finally we have the much needed impetus to go on and win the game. During extra-time Paul Andrews plays a useful cameo up front, making himself a focal point in linking up play between midfield and attack. Barnett then repays his manger's faith, threading a thirty yards pass through to Sam Schwodler, who still has his work cut out when running through on goal. He gives the ball a good thump and sees it nestles in Comrades net. The relief is tangible.
Arrange tortillas in an overlapping circular pattern on a round stone or a baking sheet. Use 4 tortillas per envelope you'll make. You'll have 2 envelopes for this recipe.
THINGS I REALLY LOVE
Make a personal call
It all began when she wrote a cultural guide to Rome, celebrating the role of women in the city's history.
Yes folks I am still here! LOL! Really! It has just been so very busy around my homestead lately.
As we walked into the house I was immediately overcome with the lovely, fragrant smell of dog pee. Well dog pee and Drakar. He turned to me, offered me something to drink then asked me if I wanted to go into his room and, yep, you guessed it... look at his clothes. At first I was nervous. I thought Oh my God, I hope he isn't bringing me here because he thinks I'm gonna..we're gonna...
I honestly do. Crafting something out of cardboard and crayons and glue and maybe even cool crap that lights up is about as zen as I get. I find it very relaxing. It is a great way to push away the world around me and focus on solely one thing. Stress leaves me and I get very happy with the idea of creating something with my hands. In current realm of all digital everything, which I wholeheartedly take part in, it is nice to stop and do something “analog.” Crafting with glue and paper is like the new collecting vinyl for weirdo blog geeks such as myself.
That the 24 elders are wearing white robes/outer garments is not that significant for angels are also said to be wearing bright white garments because they are righteous (John 20:12; Acts 1:10).
I also made Eggless Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Balls. I guest posted about them here. They are so good made with Coconut Oil! I also loved them dipped in dark chocolate!
* 64 square meters floor area + 2 verandas
What if the State Senate were Democratic, as it should be without gerrymandering, and State Senator Velmanette Montgomery, an AY opponent, had more of an impact? What if the investigation of Senate Majority Leader Joseph Bruno, one of the “three men in a room,” had started earlier?
May God bless you abundantly,
7)Pandas come running over to us suddenly, claiming that they'll tell us the secrets and mysteries of Gods & Goddesses. In return, they say, we could give them "as much as our heart felt like."
There have been quite a few digital album deals I have had to pass on due to insufficient time to locate, assemble, and upload images to a site and then organize said images into a digital album (not much on the auto-fill option as I am a bit of a perfectionist).
thank you:
Here's my next cooking project:
Let's have a look at my
Thankfully I’ve still got a load of Jack in the box beneath the bed.
"At this time? Right now? Yeah....maybe!"
9) A mother's heart is always capable of loving more children.
Section 8 -Begin revising your essays based on the feedback you received in class today. Guys on the soccer team and others, here is a copy of the peer editing sheet distributed in class this afternoon.
But then there is The Week of Kindness, such a zany mixture that it transcends any big ticket tectonics. The tire, Romulus and Remus, the white box in the middle, the baskets on top, it is unclear how these works interrelate though their interrelations are highly suggestive and fascinating. The origin myth of the Etruscan statue, mixed with the sexual connotation of the tire, and the fact that both elements create the base or the platform from which the piece grows and sustains itself, gives the piece a sense of fertility in and of itself. The baskets are both jokey and add to the mix, a basket being a place for Easter Eggs, for Spring Picnics, for some, a metaphor for female genitalia. There are no competing ideologies here instead elements taken from multiple cultures that add up to a strangely full, frisson of oddity that is genuinely funny. All the parts retain their meaning and that retention makes The Week of Kindness an extraordinary object.
Here's to books like the Worst-Case Scenario that keep kids reading, even after the story ends.
And I have no ideas that involve unicorns.
Green chillies- 2 cut and de-seeded
My story recommendation of the week is for "The Man Who Bridged the Mist" by Kij Johnson, cover story of the October/November issue of Asimov's Science Fiction (cover by Paul Youll).
Homework- Give each student a Moses and the Laws of God Take Home Sheet for their parents to go over with them to review what we have done in class. Parents need to help their child fill this out and bring back to class the following week. Students that complete their homework and bring it back to class will be able to play Homeworkopoly. Each Sunday the students make a mini story book and/or story wheel in class. Students need to read these to their parents (or the parents read to them) the mini book and/or story wheel for homework.
I have a little silver filing cabinet in my room to “hold all of my files”, as Colby likes to tease. I do have a lot of files. I am an adult. Ha.
Unfortunately, I had such a difficult time getting the girls ready to go that we did not get Sweet Pea's hair brushed or put up before leaving the house, and all her crying made her nose run, so she's got snot in her hair that I have to wipe out now before brushing her hair and putting it up. Sigh.
from the out and out funk of Clarence Smith, through the group soul harmonies of 21st Century to the proto-disco sound of the Howard Lemon Singers. If the connection with God sometimes seems tenuous, it was all part of the plan to bring you to Him by stealth.
All my creative blogger friends, I call upon you to predict what the meeting will be like. How will it work out? Will there be surprises? Will this person be anything like my image from exchanging posts over the past months?
It's almost like peanut butter was created just for this purpose. It's better than whipped cream, better than chocolate syrup, or any kind of fruit flavored ice cream topping, or any other such condiment. In fact, if used in just the right amounts, and of sufficiently high quality, it is more in keeping with the overall flavor and texture of the normal female bodily fluids which I assure you shall be produced in abundance, and yet the peanut butter will augment and compliment the flavor, even to the majority of those who are naturally squeamish about such activities as this. Such is not the case, alas, with the other more commonly used substances I have mentioned.
Volumes: Both are single volume
50ml olive oil
…ooooh this was not one experiment I was ready for.
Londoners is an oral history, a fact suggested by its old-McSweeney’s-ish subtitle: The Days and Nights of London Now – As Told By Those Who Love It, Hate It, Live It, Left It, and Long For It. Unlike a traditional narrative or expository history, an oral history is, by its nature, a “through the eyes of” point-of-view. It isn’t theoretical. It isn’t analytical. It doesn’t offer insight into its subject by editorializing or examining, or by trying to contextualize things in a bed of paraphrased or distilled information. Instead, it’s a collection of trimmed and sequenced quotations – just spoken words, the voice of the people rather than the journalist.
All profits from the 50-50 Art Draw are shared equally between contributing artists and ARTSPACE. By supporting the 50-50 you not only support Peterborough’s only Artist Run Centre, but also individual local artists.
4. Do you exercise? Where? When? How long?
Ironically, the Republicans have criticized President Barack Obama for his not promptly filling judicial vacancies. Of the 87 judicial vacancies, the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts has designated 34 as “judicial emergencies” because they lack a sufficient number of judges to deal with the caseload. The Constitution guarantees people a speedy trial, something they won’t be getting because the Republicans are waiting for 2012. Liu was nominated the first time almost two years ago; during that time the Senate has confirmed only 62 percent of Obama’s nominations.
Some young marrieds without kids (i.e. we need some friends)
Around me – buffalo robe – sage in bundle – run on skin
About three years ago I tried my hand a historical fiction. I couldn't get past the first three pages. It was then I, by accident, read a romance novel. Needless to say, I found what I wanted to write. Romance. For the last two years I've done nothing but. Paranormal and straight romance.
I could tell you all of those things, and more, but you won't really get it, because I just do not have the words to describe how amazing that was.
3. Guess approximate length of curtain pole I will need.
So what to look for?
If there's one thing that's universally beautiful about humans, it's the eyes. I've never seen a set that didn't hold at least some visual pleasure. Though I do have my favourites, they're not based on colour as much as intensity. Those which radiate, pierce with soft barbs, and draw the viewer in, like a black hole pulling all to it's infinite centre. Drawing nearer, you can distinguish the cornucopia of colours - even in what may appear to be the most monochromatic eyes. All it takes is the time to notice, and the awareness of such things.
Two weeks and counting and they still aren’t here…..but we did receive some lovely magazines….all addressed to our current address, as well as numerous “please give us money” letters. Hmmmm how very strange, very strange indeed.
& I’ll find myself faraway, gone.
Revised essays on The Catcher in the Rye are due Friday. Here is a copy of the peer editing guide. If you were not in class today, it is your responsibility to have your essay critiqued by Friday.
This would not be a true update if I were not to share a step backwards that happened this week. I did have my "corner of shame" looking SOOO much better, it was almost completely cleared out. Just needed to find a spot for hubby's extra drawers (which will most likely end up in the closet once we finish getting rid of it.
There’s an elegance in two points of view that tangle, overlap, and eventually converge. When it’s done correctly, you jump from train to train with a building sense that the two will soon collide. You wait with baited breath at every near miss. When the two finally come together, it feels organic, natural, and often explosive.
But it came looking for me.
But the craziness will have to let me go for a week in June because.....
Democrats are perpetually discontented. They don’t like things the way they are, they want something different. They form their committees and Non-Governmental Organizations (NGOs) so they have a larger voice in order to try to fix everything according to their lights. Liberty is not on their agenda. For Obama, leaving the individual citizen alone —without government help —is inconceivable. Yet this is a deep misunderstanding of the American people. America was founded by people trying to escape government regulation and government interference in their lives. We are a people hostile to committees and bureaus and bureaucrats.
And turn to escape from mortal ignorance.
The Charm Of Home
Please stop by our challenge at www.cookingwithcricut.com and enter your holiday project for a chance towin!
they entered, they did not find the body of the Lord Jesus. While they were puzzling over this, behold, two men in dazzling garments appeared to them.
I like writing about sports in fiction. J.K. Rowling did it with quiddich (or however it's spelled). I didn't want to make up a sport because that sounds too hard. So I chose one that I watch and understand. Ice hockey has a role to play in my first two books, and I'd like to explain why.
Did you know that Eva Longoria was an “actor, director, producer and philanthropist”?
I couldn't believe that all our fiction books, plus all my quilting / crafting books didn't even fill up all the shelves! This is so much more efficient, I was able to push the futon back against the window and open up a space on the floor for my yoga mat.
Both Obama and Iraqi President Nuri al-Maliki conferenced via video and both are comfortable with this decision to move forward and the execution of doing so. Along with the plan of withdrawing soldiers from Iraq they will also not be sending more soldiers in. Some Georgia-based soldiers have announced that their division will not be deployed in December as scheduled. This to me is huge because my brother is in the army and hopefully he will stay in the United States for a long time now out of harm’s way. Though, I’m not 100% sure whether or not he will be deployed because he originally spent a year in Afghanistan not Iraq. The hope is still there though because they have already removed 100,000 troops from Iraq over the years and violence has remained relatively low. Hopefully this war will be over soon, but the fight against terrorism will always be there but maybe our approach will be a little more peaceful and less deaths will occur.
Let me be clear right up front that this man-love is in no way sexual. I don’t swing that way and I’m sure the Great Emancipator didn’t either. My feelings also aren’t to be mistaken for simple respect or admiration. I do think highly of his many fine qualities, and believe he’s almost single-handedly responsible for me not living in a Confederate Empire headed up by King Haley Barbour.
My mom's boyfriend and her brother were there the morning she was taken to the hospital, so there is no question as to identification, but still there is just a part of me that thinks, "maybe this is just some elaborate hoax to get me to pay for someone else's funeral arrangements and my mom is fine and well somewhere else." I feel like there is no resolution. Her ashes are sitting on a bookshelf in my house. Shouldn't that be enough? Will I ever feel like she is truly gone?
Ever since Kait Swanney could remember, the old crones of the village have been warning her to stay away from the selkies. They claim that like sirens of old, the seal men creep from the inky waters, shed their skins, and entice women to their deaths beneath the North Sea. But avoiding an encounter becomes impossible when Kait is spotted at the water’s edge, moments after the murder of a half-selkie infant.
Tickets are already available for most of the venues below, and we recommend
I know, you all just went out and bought your kids, your cousins, whatever, the game. And now you’re wondering how I figure it’s about animal abuse. Well, since I know far too much about it for someone who also has to pay bills, I’ll break it down for you.
Two days laterm I was in bellingham for the interview and looking at the area. WE fell in love with Fairhaven.
Of Gibson I have read most of his stuff up to and including Pattern Recognition, and just havent gotten around to his newer stuff. (I am interested in his short stories now thx UMD) Speculative fiction for Gibson pretty well flows out of him. I wont say every book is a diamond, but he does create interesting worlds if nothing else consistently. I like the new direction he took things with Pattern Recognition. Using our present circumstances to ask those lofty questions about the nature of technology and human experience. The philosophical subtext in cyberpunk worlds is something I have always been drawn to, use of the same devices in our world apparently works just as well. Awesome.
Nice week at work, and on Thursday morning, I went to the Gare du Nord. As usual, and don't know why, I missed my train.
To the left are Reminder Bow earrings by Boe and to the right are LOVE earrings by Jennifer Zeuner. The bow earrings remind me of the days when i would tie a bow on my finger so i wouldn't forget something, i just love the simplicity of the delicate gold. And the LOVE earrings are just the funky classics. Easy to wear everyday and to make a statement while you’re at it.
There will be...
"The idea of painless, non-threatening coercion is an illusion. Fear is the inseparable companion of coercion and its inescapable consequence."
Baaba Maal: Baaba Maal is a Senegalese singer and guitarist born in Podor, on the Senegal River. Baaba sings primarily in Pulaar and is the foremost promoter of the traditions of the Pulaar-speaking peoples. He has released several albums. In July 2003, Baaba was made a UNDP Youth Emissary. In March 2012 he visited Mauritania with Oxfam to call attention to the humanitarian need resulting from the food crisis in the Sahel. Also an Ambassador for Nelson Mandela’s 46664 campaign, he has become an increasingly vocal champion for the rights of women and girls.
if you want the 4-1-1 on movember so you can get involved next year by growing a stache and/or sponsoring one - you can visit the official movember website here.
Turner has called on his listeners to 'take action' against officials and elected members of city, state, and federal government. He published the home addresses of court justices with the suggested intent that they be harassed or harmed.
Why? Because I LOVE to tell stories. It's who I am. If my book sells well, great. If only ten people read it--and some of those people LOVE it--BETTER.
This is my first official post…wow so surreal. I have been working on perfecting this blog for a while now and will hopefully purchase the domain name soon!
o Presbyterian Hospital
Visit: www.jcfs.org
These are all first drafts/roughs, so I’m open to altering anything in them should any good suggestions be submitted!
These days there are of course many orphans in real life, because horrible things still happen. BUT it's really not as prevalent as fiction would have you believe.
-Not a good reputation
By the 28th of November I had 6 mittens done. And realizing that my time to work on knitting mittens was exactly 45 minutes to an hour after I get home from working the evening shift and before nodding off at night - that meant that I needed to produce at least 9 mittens each of the remaining nights, and at the speed of roughly 7 minutes per mitten (and I'm rounding up with my time here).
Your choice is between a bad system (FPTP) and a worse system (AV). It is vital that all those opposed to AV go to the polls and deliver a resounding No vote on May 5.
You have until 11:59PM Central Time Febuary 29th to add your link below.
Sacrifices for an oblivious, unblinking pair of eyes
into the ink. She had created a sacred space in her store so she would be
For centuries God has wooed His people... calling them, as a "voice in the desert." Sweetly whispering words of affection to them, and pleading with them to return His extravagant love for them.
"Spoons? Spoons?? OOOOH. Spons. A sponge?"
Classic
My garden still hasn’t been put to bed for the year. Yeah, it’s really late.
Jesus’ call is a call to a cross-bearing discipleship. This type of discipleship really requires two things—the first of which is to deny self. But what does it really mean to deny one’s self? I believe that it means we must willfully go through a process of re-orientation. God must be the center passion of the soul. We see this in the first and greatest commandment as described by Jesus: “Love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul and with all your mind” (Matthew 22:37 NIV). In other words, it’s God first not me first. For the believer, nothing should rival his love and devotion to God even if it means the denial of comfort or self preservation. And, when God does become the center passion for the soul, we find a love and grace that has the power to carry us through the uncertainties of this life. Yet the denial of self also means that one is living a life of sacrificial love. The follower of Jesus Christ is known by his or her love for others (John 13:35). And the greatest love is seen through the sacrifice of Christ himself (John 15:13).
His Citizen blog is called “Ideas and Consequences” and contains some interesting material. He seems to write series from time to time. His15 pieces on the monuments of Ottawa, as well as some of his travel writings related to his walking journeys are available for downloading from the paper’s website.
Asked to write on the subject of 'Power Over My Life', in the form of an acrostic, one boy from Somali wrote :
Denise Minin
At 10:00 pm on a Wednesday night? Leaving to go where? Oh, out of the marriage.
Or is that a heart attack?
I'm just going to say it. I'm suffering from a broken heart. Suffering being the operative term, and that translates to a kink in my I-Must-Write-for-the-Masses gene, so apologies for being MIA. In fact, I wasn't going to write about this at all, but heartache is universal, right? Plus this is my story and I get to post whatever the hell I want on my blog, and god knows (in his infinite imaginary wisdom) it is the one thing that actually does belong to me.
I would definitely make this again. I may put some raspberries on and maybe some powered sugar.
MICHIELS B, PHILIPS H, COENEN S, DENEKENS J, VAN ROYEN PAUL. Serum antibodies against circulating influenza strains among vaccinated and unvaccinated general practitioners during two consecutive years (2002-2003). Vaccine 2006; 24: 3145-3152.
No evidence to back this novel claim is supplied, other than McCombes’s unconvincing nod and a wink that this was a “rumour circulating in media circles”. Downfall makes no attempt to explain why, if the claim was true, not a single shred of supporting evidence was uncovered by a police investigation costing £5 million and 40,000 hours of time.
Definitely not an everyday food but worth the effort.
A couple of months ago my oldest friend, a white Turkish Long-Hair named Chekhov, became ill and his treatment was not cheap.
“So you wrote that?”
Included in this trailer are snippets from the likes of Jah Wobble,Marco Pirroni,Viv Abertine,Siouxsie,Steve Severin,Dave Vanian,Rat Scabies,Caroline Coon and Glen Matlock amongst others.
As a child I saw many things I did not want to be.
10 years ago, almost to the day, I packed up my bags and headed for England. At the time I was married to my ‘practice’ wife (the first one), and I was accepting a job offer. Unlike most people in SA, I wasn’t leaving because of politics, or crime. I was leaving because I was offered a kick-ass job in London, with opportunities that were great for my career at the time.
everything you need — because My heart is set on blessing you!”
My Sweet Hunter,
Another gift with purchase I got is a baby bottle of Dior Vernis in 943 Rouge Garçonne (literally means boyish red, though I have no idea what’s boyish about it). Here is a picture of it in comparison with the full-size bottle of Incognito. Cute eh?
If you would love to learn more, leave a comment on how to get a hold of you. or email me
For example you can look like a celebrity if only you buy whatever cleanser, makeup, wrinkle cream, etc. that they’re endorsing. They’ve each discovered a revolutionary way to make your skin absolutely glow and get rid of those pesky crow’s feet around your eyes. Usually using some exotic plant extract that can only be found in the Amazon or the juice from some fruit that only grows in some obscure valley in Europe.
BTW - - - that pitcher on the counter in front of her??? Um, yah - - - that was going home with me!
As I read Enchanted, I felt giddy each time I noticed the sly little ways that Alethea would throw in her fairy tale references. Oftentimes you can tell when they are included “just for fun”, but at other times the references are an integral part of the overall story. Regardless, it’s fun to see how many references you can spot while reading.
tentatively
This is a classic case of a mother choosing her boyfriend over her own child. If a man won’t or can’t be with you as you raise your child, then he’s not worth your time. I wouldn’t be surprised if drug use weren’t in this case. How can a mother knowing what she’d done, go and watch television? Did she not know that he was dead? Was the blow to the head not fatal enough in her mind and she thought he was sleeping?
Never had to borrow for passion here,
Thank you, Janus Publishing, but no thank you.
Looking to determination.
Then carefully insert the flaps from the base into the slots so that they can fall over and completely cover the picture you drew. You may need to enlarge the slots slightly if it doesn't turn easily. You should be able to turn the middle circle to reveal the picture or hide it. Draw a picture on the flaps to be a "front cover."
Also, about the name. Raptorex? What the hell: did you name me after an over-the-counter erectile dysfunction drug? I know you were probably trying to be cute, but I am not going to end up at the bottom of the joke pile along with viagrasaurus. I demand to be re-dubbed “sneaky-hidden lizard,” whatever that translates to in Latin.
With a smile they waved us into a field full of cars.
Back to our authors, but I am going to change the wording to reflect collapse theories:
If using two-sided origami paper, lay your paper with the patterned or colored side down before starting to fold.
This is happening all the time
You don’t know it all. Fuck up. You don’t even know the half of it. Don’t watch a fucking movie and draw comparisons to something where comparisons don’t exist.
As most of you know, my dear little wife is highly skilled in the Dark Psychological Arts of the Ninja. What does this mean exactly? It means she can manipulate and torment simple-minded idiot goofballs like myself without so much as breaking a psychological sweat.
something to look down on or rise above.
MJ feels ready to hang out with 17 and 18 year olds. (Deep breath, you'll call me if there's drinking and you need a ride, okay, yes.) Chloe feels ready to walk the neighborhood alone. (Deep breath, you have the cellphone, okay, yes.) MJ feels ready to see an intimate documentary about an illegal drug. (Deep breath, you can talk to me if any of it is upsetting, okay, yes.) Chloe feels ready to experiment with haircolor. (Deep breath, you understand hair dye is permanent, okay, yes.)
D’oh.
At this point I would normally start talking about the time we have left here and how it doesn’t seem like much, but that is putting an expectation on the next two days–assuming they are going to fly by. If that happens, I won’t appreciate them to their fullest potential. Therefore, I’ll end this quicky spring break update blog by saying, I am really enjoying the time off school, even if I’m staying at my parents’ house. Even if I’m sleeping on the couch and I feel like I have to fold the blankets when I wake up in the morning. Even if I have no idea where anything is and being here makes me antsy about adulthood. It’s a “day at a time” process and I am going to enjoy each day of the journey.
A chat with "The Most Interesting Man in the World"
Okay, I am TOTALLY doing this one. We were just talking about how we need a new umbrella--my small, old thrift store one only opens on one side and is beyond sad. Crossing the Bugger-Dixon Line gives us a tutorial on monogramming an umbrella, and it is darling!
The old working class area of Nørreport (translating into Northern Gate) is a good base for the beer tourist to Copenhagen. Many of the city's best beer bars are situated in this area and in the adjoining Nørrebro at the other side of Søerne (the Lakes). The connections to and from the airport are also excellent with trains leaving every 10 minutes from Nørreport station. All the local trains (S-trains) as well as the metro stop at this station making it the second hub of the Copenhagen public transport system. In addition, it is a short walk from the main pedestrian streets, called Strøget.
He was my strength.
I get so attached to them while I’m writing them that they’re with me all day, even when I’m not putting pen to paper. But after I’m done, I try very hard to move on to the next project. I never go back and read my finished books unless I absolutely have to.
Today was another day of Kaplan. And boy did that review class come quick today. I stayed up watching movies with Justin last night and doing some online kaplan quizzes so i hopped in bed at 12:30. Well Jackson woke up at 2:30 and screamed andcried everytime Iput him down for three hours. I had to get up at seven so it was a brutal night. And this morning he screamed everytime I put him down again, so needless to say, I was late everywhere today. BUT, on the bright side of things, he was good for Oma and Lucas, and I got called for an interview for tomorrow at Johns Hopkins Bayview. I had to quickly arrange some last minute letters of reference and a transcript, but it all pulled through, so we'll see how tomorrow goes.
is, here signifies the superessentiality or being-beyond-being of secret, the horizonless ‘negation of the negation’ or ‘third’ domain that is the infinite with of the alone with the Alone. Black in Black signifies the convertible mutual interpenetration of the black interior of man (the individuated alone) and black universe or the opacity of the horizonless Real (the universal Alone). The identity of this irresolvably double auto-interiority of man and black is the truly limitless solitude or lonely pan-explosion of place wherein all is within without collapse. The definitive or limitless interiority of black is the meta-place of the One-in-One which
Joe McPhee Quartet - Legend Street One
I slip on my sunglasses and head for my car, thankful for the friendship and few minutes of peace that the bank has provided for me today, as unusual a location as it may be for such things.
This is a concept that Tony Robbins talks about, and it is much easier in theory than in practice. I hope to get to that point for a few of my vices one day. What if I ever need that bridge? It takes a lot of strength to burn it down. It's much easier to lightly cover the trail behind and say, "I'll be able to find my way back to the bridge if need be." But at least I have the courage to carry the matches, just in case.
There is a great deal of discussion and some dismay in the world of private midwifery, since we learned that a 'mandatory reporting' notification was made of a midwife who was deemed to be practising without insurance.
I'll make puff pastry from scratch, but for some reason I really dislike making pie crust, so I usually look for a ready made one in the refrigerator section at the grocery store.
1/2 cup toasted spiced pumpkin seeds (see below)
3) Stir in milk and heat. Do not boil.
This is a political year and there are some 600,000 public offices up for election throughout the nation. Though it is not widely known, the majority of Americans self-identify as politically conservative. For them Craig Copland has written the 2012 Conservative Election Handbook: Everything You Need to Know to Elect Conservatives from Dog Catcher to President ($14.95, available in various e-reader formats at www.conservawiki.com and elsewhere). This is an excellent book that covers all aspects of planning, running, and winning an election. (It’s even available for free if you are a conservative running for office.) While its purpose is to elect conservatives, this book is so thorough that, it must be said, a liberal candidate would benefit just as much from it. I have seen a number of such books over the years and this qualifies as one of the best.
John 1:1-7, 19-20, 29-34
After a lot of discussion, prayer, more discussion, tears, and more discussion, we have made the decision to move back to Nebraska. We were waiting for a bolt of lightning to strike and God's booming voice to tell us if we should stay or if we should go, but since that didn't happen we had to weigh our options and just choose. (Well, there has been a lot of lightning around here recently, but no booming voice. Just scary tornadoes.) The reasons for moving are as follows:
He took his parents’ bodies over to Sam’s house for help. I must say, it’s not the best circumstance, but I was glad to see Sam and Tommy being brotherly. I was worried Sam would send him away, but he didn’t. Yay, progress! While driving somewhere to dump the bodies, Sam got pulled over by Andy Bellefleur. Sam told Tommy to get in the back, where he grabbed a shovel and prepared to kill Andy if he opened the van. Andy saw blood on the van door and asked Sam to open the back. Obviously, I was expecting Andy to get attacked by a shovel, but instead Tommy shifted into a gator and scared Andy off.
I know taste is subjective, and there’s no real way to set a standard for the quality of a piece of writing. Generally speaking, I like flash fiction. I don’t think I have a particularly short attention span, but I don’t get a lot of time to read, and having written flash fiction from time to time I understand and appreciate the challenges of the form. When it’s done well, it can be astonishingly good. But there is a lot that’s just plain awful. And a lot of it seems to be winning decent sums of money in competitions.
the broken heart of the left
Say what you want about this goofy-ass holiday, but it’s sure good for one thing: indulging my sweet tooth. Bring on the chocolate eggs! Granted, I’m not sure I’m clear on whether they came from chocolate chickens or something (but holy shit would Legionnaire Sanders ever make a killing from THAT), or how the rabbits come into the picture. All I know is for a week or so we’ve got candy coming out of the woodwork.
The show was really good. They band all seemed to have a good energy and the crowd was super into it, people were dancing and singing and even lots of crowd-surfing, surprisingly. I found the show to be pretty solid, overall.
Shit, I’m really tired and horny.
If you’re looking for an instruction manual for building your own conservatory, you’re not going to find it here. You’ll find a few tips and tricks scattered throughout, and a brief appendix explaining how to create your own living wall. You might also find inspiration for your own gardening journey, but if so, you’ll need to wrest it from Kassinger’s very personal account. A self-admitted “lackadaisical gardener”, she doesn’t present so much of an enthusiasm for the plants themselves as she does a very deliberate need to conquer specific indoor gardening challenges, for her own reasons.
Mobile payments are not limited to card readers though. Perhaps you’ve seen the app from Starbucks that lets you use your phone as a method of payment. The app is pretty simple, it puts an image of a barcode on your phone that is tied to your account. It’s fantastic! You might think I’m over-hyping things a bit, but it’s easier and faster than swiping a credit card. But I’ve been wondering just how much Starbucks is actually processing. According to this post the answer is $42 million in the last 15 months. A rather old stat I saw said that the average spend was over $6 per visit. That’s roughly 7 million transactions. Let that steep for a few minutes.
Heads rest on pillows. The internal dialogue begins. It is late, and the tone is ugly. Defeating.
1 cutting
Repeat: My ‘repeat’ is a little tango mantra, “You are well. You love tango. Get back out there!”
stuffed with clean rags for weight... penciled & stitched features...
At the front of the house, the original part of the garden has Yew hedging and herbaceous borders, given over this time of the year to Spring plants and a mass of Forget-me-nots wherever you look.
Dear Scott,
The Usual Suspects. This movie has one of the greatest endings in the history of movies. It also boasts an acting Oscar for the previously lesser-known Kevin Spacey. Oh, and it has about 20 great scenes. Also… One super awesome slo-mo coffee cup.
blue agava and cacao perfume
The Shaman
I went for the black and white monotone feel. With my very favorite man EVA!!
I knew little of where I was heading
I picked up a bottle of Avery Brabant which I hadn't seen here. I already had some Boulevard Imperial Stout to bring back. We got a couple of other beers while there as well. Since I have someone from Wichita coming to KC about once a month, I didn't feel the need to stock up on a bunch of things.
The woman told investigators that Wilson threatened to beat her if she didn’t make money for him, and she said she felt like she didn’t have a choice because she had no family in Florida.
Of course you can, the voices whispered deviously.
In the conception of many, the diversity tower starts with white women on the bottom floor and works its way to the top story where blacks reside. When it comes to special benefits conferred, this conception is pretty accurate. Yet when blacks and gays tussle, gays often win (figuratively speaking, of course--as these crime stats show, they don't actually get the better of a physical confrontation).
And when we near the end, we oft look back,
Burn'd like one burning flame together,
Sent: Wednesday, April 04, 2012 11:16 AM
Snakes are often found out sunning themselves in the heat of the day, while most of us aren’t walking in the ‘heat of the day’ it’s not uncommon for me to come across one while I’m outside walking or running. Learning to identify the difference in poisonous and non poisonous snakes is a good idea. The easiest way to tell the difference is in the shape of their head. Most people find snakes scary and kill them upon sight of them. However, I find that a common garter or ribbon snake is not bad to have around the yard. They eat insects and pesky bugs that steal nutrients from my soil or garden. Plus poisonous and non poisonous snakes will not cohabitate, so if you have a non poisonous snake in the yard the likelihood of finding a poisonous one is slim to none. So having a garter snake around doesn’t make me uncomfortable, however finding a rattle snake would make me feel differently. Find more information about snakes here. Here’s a picture of my oldest son petting a garter snake in our driveway few weeks ago, that he found sunning itself. Note: please know what kind of snake it is before you mess with it.
Add in carrot, potato and little water, cover the pot.
Cathedrals and museums are not Lady Charise Colton’s idea of European adventure. Turn-of-the-century Paris beckons, and she wants to grab it while she can…or rather, cancan. Flirting with fate and half of Paris, Charise eludes her chaperones and joins the cancan revue at the Moulin Rouge.
5. I am an avid art lover.
I kept looking at Goodreads where everyone wrote such long posts..is it just me that can't write anything long about a novella? Honestly I find it so hard, it's like my mind wants to make it shorter just cos it is a short story.
Anyway, here is Redgum singing “I was only 19 (a walk in the light green)”
5) "Imagine a lush forest: silent but for the chirping of birds flying through a dense canopy overhead, and damp, aromatic earth underfoot. Now picture a mountain of incinerated trash, 12 million tons of what was once a toxic heap of rotting fish and vegetables, old clothes, broken furniture, diapers and all manner of discarded items." This describes a new project by architect Tadao Ando called the Sea Forest. The Sea Forest "will transform 88 hectares of reclaimed land, a 30-meter deep mound of alternating layers of landfill, into a dense forest of nearly half a million trees" in Tokyo Bay. Ando adds that it is also an experiment in climate-engineering, or weather control as the future of urban design: "not only will [the forest] become a refreshing retreat for stressed out city workers, it will also create a cool ocean breeze to sweep through the capital and cool its sweaty denizens in summer."
This part is tricky with chicken breast meat. What you want to do is cook it with a little vegetable oil at medium heat until just when you stop seeing any pink. This will mean the meat is almost done, but not quite. Remove it from heat and let it sit. It will be the last thing to go into the chili, just before it is done. It should now look something like this
Ted came to see us late last year and we brewed a beer.
Older people are disproportionately affected by the checks carried out on the one million people a year who apply to do voluntary work. Often, they find themselves footing the bill, which is £26 for a standard check and £44 for an enhanced check.
3So Adoni-zedek, king of Jerusalem, sent to Hoham, king of Hebron, and to Piram, king of Jarmuth, and to Japhia, king of Lachish, and to Debir, king of Eglon, saying,
However, for her third number she sang the popular and innocent drawing room ballad ’Come into the Garden Maud’. She made the cozy song – which had probably been sung after dinner parties in many of the committee members’ own drawing rooms – her own, by giving such an obscene rendition that the committee was shocked into silence.
The man reflected for a moment. Very, was his answer. Very badass.
Do they hear their father sigh?
First mix of 2010 is a revisit to Acid Soul. This is probably as close as I get to a definitive Leftside Wobble selection (joining the dots between dub, funk, disco & house). It's a mid tempo affair (part 3 follows next week which moves into peak time territory) and includes stunners from The Revenge, James Johnson & Motor City Drum Ensemble.
Current school assignments for the neighborhood are: McKee Road Elementary, J.M. Robinson Middle and Providence High School.
i hope no one felt that i was judging them for coping differently to me. i swear, that was never my intention.
It was such a great time with our friends! It was relaxing and fun & the girls play so well together.
Well, my guest post goes into some of this. I wrote this story by “prairie-dogging.” That means that I had a bunch of fun, unrelated ideas that I thought would be good in a story. My job was to “dig the tunnel” that connected all the ideas into one coherent story, just like a prairie dog tunnel connects its holes.
We hope this helps with your internet marketing efforts now and in the future.
Without an editor, a writer is allowed to be verbose and tangential, to forget the argument entirely or to create an argument that makes sense only to him (or her). You may be in love with what you wrote, but that doesn’t make it good and it certainly won’t make others want to read it. As my mentor, Karen Hodges Miller, likes to say, “The greatest writing in the world is useless if no one reads it.” And to get it to the point of readability, someone other than you should read it.
Americans want an end to the war in Iraq and Afghanistan that has cost countless human lives, suffering and TRILLIONS of our tax dollars. A war, that Alan Greenspan said, was fought for oil, period.
Me: Well, only cuz you have one. And I have one.
Ninety-eight percent of the “black box” systems are a trading scam. They are uninformative and very few generate the numbers they promise.
reflectively thinking of wrongs I may
I thought to myself, what the heck, I had nothing to do, so I better just audition. If I make a fool out of myself, the panel will never remember me anyway. Plus, it was the last day of club sign ups, and I still didn’t have a club. Ironically, I passed and my friend didn’t.
3. Post the award on your blog
At present apart from the Court of Women in the US there are two other Courts in preparation – the Colombia Court of Women against Forgetting and for Re-existence to be held in Colombia and the Balkan Court of Women on Justice with Healing to be held in the Balkans region.
We occasionally get a card or some little thing sent to us by guests/new friends.
I was super excited to team up with Udderly Smooth and try out some of their products, Udderly Smooth Vitamin & Cream, Udderly Smooth Udder Cream, Udderly Smooth Shea Butter Foot Cream and Udderly Smooth Body Cream Samples. I was very impressed with the results! Each product performed wonderfully leaving my skin feeling soft and silky, without leaving it greasy or coagulated feeling.
Naturally a black woman in her thirties calling a teen aged white man a “Skinny dicked white boy” was not viewed in the same light.
I will be entering the Plein Aire Paint-Out on Friday. It promises to be a fun event for everyone. Bring your umbrella and sun tan lotion!
“It would be like spitting into the wind at this point — it’s just part of the national lexicon,” says Bridget MacConnell, a Kraft spokeswoman. “We all try to protect the value of our brands. But this one just kind of got away from us. I don’t think there was any way to fight it.”
If it were me in this situation, I might tell Grandma "The kids like to read at the table at restaurants when we are waiting for food." Knowing this, Grandma has the choice whether to join the family at a restaurant.
In that rush, the nurses shouted, “Is there a relative to accompany her to Mubende hospital?” There was no response. She was incensed and murmured to herself. “This is unseriousness; you cannot bring a pregnant mother to hospital and just abandoned her like this.”
09. Love Crazy
Another of my favourites and a very popular stitch among beaders is spiral rope. Also known as spiral rope chain, spiral staircase or spiral stitch, it is very versatile and you can make it as simple or as embellished as you like.
I call bullshite on that.
affinities: hippy-dippy mystical leanings, but more
it benefits everyone we interact with each day…
‘Brain Drain’, according to Answers.com, is the loss of skilled intellectual and technical labor through the movement of such labor to more favorable geographic, economic, or professional environments.
$18 Million: Cost Of The Stimulus Website Recovery.org. (ABC News' "The Note,"7/8/09)
1/2 can of tomato paste
You know… boom towns don’t last forever.
As the snow began to melt and the ground thawed in New Hampshire, we realized we needed to make some decisions for Adam’s upcoming burial. We talked with the management at several local cemeteries to find out which place seemed best for us. We settled on Union Cemetery, the one that allowed plantings by the gravesite. Mal and I picked out a cemetery plot and ordered a black marble headstone from Laconia Memorial to be engraved with Adam’s “information.” We decided to have the happy and sad “theatre masks” engraved on the stone so that future generations could know how much Adam loved theatre. The engraver wanted thirty days to complete the headstone but I really wanted the headstone to be at the gravesite in time for the June 2nd burial ceremony so he agreed to get this done for us.
sweet sub-tropical nights:
In a 15-minute speech from the White House, Obama made the case for compromise between Democrats and Republicans, saying it is the only way to prevent default that could be catastrophic to the economy.
A point which in the wider context of the season might yet prove crucial. It was not as is being seen in some quarters, the end of the world nor a signal that third place is out of Arsenal’s hands; that is patently not true unless Newcastle turn the goal difference delta around. And as spectacular as that would be, their run-in consisting suggests that it is unlikely. Thus Arsenal need to match their results; that is not to discount Spurs or Chelsea but with maximum totals between them of 72 points, again them finishing higher than Arsenal seems unlikely.
The Sector Commander’s assistant knocked on his commander’s door and waited for permission to enter the office. The Sector Commander answered gruffly, “Enter.” The assistant opened the door and saluted smartly from the doorway. The commander returned the salute cursorily and scowled, “What do you want?”
I was playing with the QuicKutz Sweetheart Release and I was trying to figure out a way to use the hearts for different occasions than the obvious love or Valentines. I was staring and staring when I saw the hearts turn into the petals of a clover. I remember seeing something similar made out of fabric in a magazine and I figured that I could do the same from paper.
On January 23, 2007, Bartee filed a motion for DNA testing in the 175th State District Court in Bexar County. On June 18, 2007, the district court granted Bartee’s motion and ordered that DNA tests be conducted on the crime scene evidence. After reviewing the test results, the court determined that the evidence did not exonerate Bartee because the DNA profiles developed from the blood and hair samples were consistent with the victim’s profile. Consequently, the convicting court rejected Bartee’s appeal and upheld the capital murder conviction. Bartee appealed the trial court’s finding to the Court of Criminal Appeals, but his appeal was dismissed as untimely on March 16, 2011.
We've had to engage a new nounou for Fry, as his last one is expecting a baby in a couple of months. Poor thing will have his third nounou and very much likely a fourth before it's over, as this one is only available until April. I'm super annoyed with the situation, but at least he has a place to go with a couple of two year olds to play with once a week, with a nounou with 30 years experience, so I'm still trying to Let it Slide when I can. He starts this afternoon and then goes all day on Fridays starting this week. I think he desperately needs to spend more time around little people his age and I hate that it's only once a week, but once we move back into high season next April that will increase. Oh Tiny Town, I sincerely hope that you'll see the back of us one day!!
Perhaps the answer lay
Beat combine eggs, sugar and pumpkin. Add remaining ingredients and stir just until mixed. Some flours absorb more liquid than others, so you may need to add a splash or two of apple juice or milk to keep it moist.
AFP/Defense News, 04/23/2o12
Dear John (2006)*
I've particularly got lots of Easter type bunnies like these ones. They are very cute and totally baby safe (double stitched seams and hand embroidered faces.
“Oh, alright.”
Bob’s challenge was met and tripled. I explicitly said that those three were “off the top of my head” and that “I’m sure more could be added”. And what does he do? First, he ignores the fact that his challenge was met and even bested—he asked for one institution and he got three. Worse, he blatantly distorted what I did say:
By Luke Moore
He was much bigger than his myeloma.
Thats it from me for today peeps thanks for taking the time to drop by and say hello, have a fantastic week & happy crafting everyone :-)
How is bedtime at your house? Is it cool, calm and collected? Ours is not. Our bedtime is wild and crazy. We send all the kids to bed at the same time (9:30), even though Max and Jack complain that isn't fair because they are older and should get to stay up later. I don't dispute that; if they want fair and balanced, they can call Fox News. John and I thought about letting the boys stay up later than the girls, but that would just cut into our alone adult time, and we certainly don't want that.
And then suddenly they are passing you with an insufferably calm and steady step, while you are huffing along desperately? It is pretty sad. It hasn't happened to me in a while, but still, it's the principle!
holds an LL.B from the
I’ve also noticed that the Democratic Alliance (DA) foreign affairs spokesperson Kenneth Mubu shared the same sentiments when he said: "One has to wonder what the Zuma administration wishes to achieve by buying better relations with Cuba." Source
Mother looked at me as though as though I were speaking Greek, as though I were the alien. I hated her callous dismissal of a part of history that was up close and unspeakably inhuman.
Another example, and another dinner party. A friend admitted to me that she would be voting for Marine Le Pen next year. I was pretty shocked, as I had never considered her to be far right at all, and she must have seen the shock on my face. But I was the only one to be surprised. And the conversation turned into a rant on immigrants, and I was sat there wondering how to extricate myself from my own dinner party, exchanging glances with my husband who was also feeling pretty uncomfortable. I tried pointing out that I am an immigrant, but it appears that I am the right sort of immigrant.
Robert Winglee, Ph.D., Dept. of Earth and Space Sciences, UW and Robert Masse, Ph.D., Aerojet
A huge collection of rare catalogs and posters is also stored, as is virtually every works manual. Original works drawings are kept in a separate archive in Weissach, Germany. Porsche is not convinced of the longevity of digital storage, so all original drawings are also photographed using traditional cameras. New material is always being added, including rare collections of racing posters from around the world, sometimes donated by collectors. A varied collection of memorabilia is stored.
I was once a liberal. I often said many of the aforementioned quotes. But, after Hillary lost the nomination, I reassessed myself. I started reading McCain’s platform. I dove into the world of politics – I haven’t looked back since. I’m an ardent young conservative because I believe people should earn their money, then keep and spend it at their own will. The majority shouldn’t have to pay for the failures of the minority – enough entitlements and handouts; that’s called socialism.
One slightly geeky boy from our time...
the crème de la crème list, but it isn't happening. Then I wanted to
Song Titles
Ang Mi Ku or Red Vegetarian Red Tortoise Bun is very popular in the Northern States of Malaysia especially in Penang and Butterworth. It is one of the must have offering during Chinese religious festival and you will see many of them are lined up at the prayers altar. The most common ones are red but you will sometimes see other different colours Mi Ku too. Some comes with head and legs just like a tortoise which is also a symbol of longivity. Mi Ku taste nice if eaten just the way it is or for extra kick you can dip it in curry just like roti canai (Malaysian Pancake). Sometime I will fry them in flour batter. Yummy and delicious!
Please Me
The words have literal bite to them. He can feel the marks they leave on his bare skin, on arms. This is, after all, shaman initiation. He was stupid to believe the foe he must face would be a physical one.
Far from being irrelevant, these laws apply standards of good and evil to the actions of humanity.
Uggghhhh!!! I'm actually a little upset his mug is in a post so close to Sam Worthington and Bradly Cooper. I know a lot of people find Russell Brand hilarious, but I just can't stand him. The sound of his voice (and I'm a girl who can appreciate an accent) is like nails on a chalkboard. And the sight of him makes me throw up in my mouth a little bit. So, if I could muzzle a celebrity and not have to ever hear from them again, he'd be my pick. Fo sho.
We left the stoop that night feeling very depressed, but still held out some hope that Freddy was full of shit.
It's a good job their "surveymonkey" doesn't think to "see no evil", "hear no evil", "speak no evil"...
“200 M.P.H.” is a fun, down to earth, entertaining movie, so I recommend it.
As much as I hate doing grammar exercises, it is nice to be able to talk to someone who is going through exactly the same thing as me, who has all the same hopes and concerns, who is at the same point in her life as I am, who has gone through or is going through all the same hurdles, and who basically just “gets it”.
More than 1,000 people are on waiting lists for two of the church's three Queens affordable-housing residences for the elderly, Flake said.
The smile flashed quickly across his face and was gone, “Civilian all the way. I don’t want to like you because you’ve got something I want. You’ve got Meg.”
5. I was completely uneducated about food. Besides knowing that a hot dog was 5 points on weight watchers, I had no idea why it was. I didn’t know what was it in, if it had any vitamins or minerals or if it was just pure fat. I figured that all food was just for calories so as long as you watched calories you were all set.
Now I shall go back into my nightly ritual of playing their new mini album and charging about in my new shirt.
Magnolia Tag die, heart-border,
Amount Requested $14,400
Huh. We'd worked on having it not just be about the beer, because Stoudt's excels at making it about everything: the restaurant, the entertainment, bread baking, cheese making, their Stoudtburg village next door...it's all pretty cool (and the cheese is fricking awesome). But PBS is calling the shots at this point, and I could hardly argue with them wanting more beer in it, so I crammed an email full of as much info as I could get down in five minutes about what makes Stoudt's beers work, and what makes them different, and yeast, and hops, and malt; told Rudy that if he needed it, I could do voiceover work at the studio on Saturday, and ran out the door.
I like the view of various pages and embellishments that peeks through when you are looking at a different page. Here, the little heart from the picture of James reading to Sammy shows up after two more pages are turned.
The night was completed at Uprise where we all sipped on our beers outside, on the patio.
I want to argue and stand up for all sides.
19. Celebrated my sister’s retirement. Actually, we’re still celebrating.
She groaned.
For a few weeks, this little guy has been fascinated with any writing utensil that he can find. He'll squat down and try to use a marker or pen (with their lid on) all over the floor. He will carry said writing utensil around for a very long time. When I let him use the sidewalk chalk last month, I was surprised how much he enjoyed it and how much it kept his attention.
So thats it, until September at least. I know roughly where I’m going then, though I’m sure Kate will happily keep most details top secret until much nearer the time, or later lol! And there I will stop, need to start packing, then one last round up, then bed. Need to be up by about 5 in the morning (10 pm now), so…
At that place
Just like hopes springing high,
Throw in a pinch of precious gifts when the mixture’s boiling nice
4.) ”If you don’t go after what you want, you’ll never have it. If you don’t ask, the answer is always no. If you don’t step forward, you’re always in the same place.”–Nora Roberts
I am happy and just so excited to post the March Kit Tutorial using the Easter Blossoms and the beautiful Designer Series Papers Springtime Vintage. You will receive 4 cards and a 3-D step by step easy to follow instructions with pictures on how to make these projects.
My spanko mind must be entertained, so at work the other day, I brightened up when I saw the customer I was ringing up place a small wooden decoration on the counter between us. It read, "Better Not Pout". And I couldn't help giggling.
D. Country Classic Light Blue (or Kona Sky)
I read avidly as a child and particularly loved books by Elizabeth Goudge, Nina Bawden and E. Nesbit. I also adored the older series fiction produced by Enid Blyton, Laura Ingalls WIlder, Willard Price and many, many others. However I stopped reading completely between the ages of 13 and 16 because there were no stories that I could relate to as a young teenager. I only started picking up books again once I'd found my way into the classics (through school) and contemporary adult fiction.
It should be an interesting journey. I have technology on my side in the form of a free app to help me keep my to-do list straight. I wrote about that for the May issue of HER-stories. My column there is called, A Mother’s Turn. Check it out, if you like.
Thanks for visiting today!
73. How to Eat Fried Worms: Thomas Rockwell
Amazingly enough, all of my questions from ACPA, have been coming back again while I’m reading my current “fun” book. I’m reading Matched by Ally Condie. It’s a Young Adult novel about a distopian/totalitarian society along the similar vein of The Hunger Games or Divergent. In the novel, people are told what & where to eat, what jobs they’ll have, who they are matched with and will marry, how many children they’ll have, and when they’ll die. In all of this lack of control, lack of voice, the main character is starting to find her voice. In tiny whispers, she starts to question everything she’s known. Now, I’m not questioning everything I’ve ever known. Reading the novel has just reinforced for me that I am privileged to not only have a voice, but to also be able to use that voice to say something worthwhile.
We will also repeatedly find or create experiences that give us the opportunity to express whatever needs expressing whether it’s anger, pain, loss or something else. In this sense, our experience is our shadow, the projection of those darker parts of our mind which we project onto the world around us. Most of the time we’re blind to the real cause of our pain and our senses, being directed outward, tell us to look for the cause out there. As long as we do this, we fail to grasp the true value of the shadow, as we identify it as something ‘Other’.
These beads in the top picture were all made with various Double Helix glass and 24Karat gold leaf. They look really pretty on their own and I love making them, although they absolutely do not sell on etsy. I have no idea why... but this time that was not bad because they have become this necklace, which has already been spoken for even before the exposition begins :-)
shocking ;-)
The Momokawa Silver ($12) is noted as a "Dry Crisp Sake" and has dry, clean flavors with tastes of melon and green apple. It is simple and pleasant, a nice introductory sake. The Momokawa Diamond ($12) is noted as a "Medium Dry Sake" and has a very nice aroma of floral notes and tropical fruit. On the palate, it offers some tropical fruit and citrus flavors, and seems a softer, though still dry, sake than the Silver. The Momokawa Organic Junmai Ginjo ($13), noted as "Medium Rich," possesses even more tropical fruit flavors as well as underlying spice notes. It is crisp and dry, and very satisfying on the palate. The Momokawa Ruby ($12), noted as "Lightly Sweet," does seem to have a light sweetness to the taste, with more red fruit flavors as well as touches of melon and pear. It is rounder and more rich in the mouth. I have previously reviewed their G Joy sake so there is no need to repeat that here.
Crowd: Booo!
8. Require all B.C. educational facilities to encourage students to become proficient in Chinese languages.
3. It's Parent's Evening for my eldest son tonight.
The first time a quarterback won the OPOY and did NOT win the MVP was 1982 and that was one of the strangest decisions in the history of of any award. Dan Fouts won the OPOY. Fair. He led the NFL in passing yards and touchdowns. But the MVP was … kicker Mark Moseley. The writers really decided that a kicker -- A FREAKING KICKER -- was the Most Valuable Player in the entire NFL.*
“I have dreams all the time.”
Summer is finally here in Rapid City! There were some days of heavy rain ('hydro-bliss', as I termed it), which was rather a pain. I generally love rain, more so, because RC is a dry place- some rain is really a bliss. But, only some; not thunderstorms. Last weekend saw heavy flash-flood warning flashing across all television channels. It also did interrupt the Lakers-Celtics finals game # 5. That was an awesome game. I was rooting for Lakers, but Boston did well to satisfy the home crowd to get a 3-2 lead in the NBA finals. How much I wish I was like Coby, but I am happy the way I am. Anyway, today's game 6 belonged to the LA Lakers- every bit of it. It was a substantial defeat and Coby's men will sleep happily tonight.
Our most popular talent and reality TV shows either suffer from fatal flaws, or need a refresh to keep going.
Keep in mind right now you have power, and can afford your bill. We often take for granted that we have power to cook with our oven and do dishes after wards. If you still have your home but no power then you may still be able to use your home (depending if you have a single family home, or trailer).
What piece do you think she should do next?
Those who are imbued with love for the Lord, are delighted by His Vision.
“Yeah. We all are,” Chris said.
With brief, elaborately paused, snippets of dialogue, we slowly meet the characters. The unknown man, of course, is right where he always is, seated with his back turned to us. The man in the white soda suit is Quig, the owner of the diner and the estranged husband of Mae, the lady in red at the bar. She is a former Ziegfield girl washed up on the shores of this lonely beach. To Mae’s right is Sam, a victim of Polio who longs for Mae, a lost love, a dancing partner he never forgot. We soon also meet Lucy, Mae’s niece, and Clive, the disreputable boy after her affections and anything else he can get his hands on.
In terms of characters, I love Serenity. While I was reading Build A Man I was constantly wishing Serenity was a real person so that I could become friends with her. She was so fun, with so much life and energy, even when she was in a bad situation she still managed to pull herself out. I found her such a unique, interesting character. Even though she may have made some bad and morally wrong decisions, she still has a conscience and never set out to intentionally hurt anyone. I also liked the character of Jeremey too, enjoying the way in which his character gave a glimpse into male insecurities, which is not often present in chick lit. The way in which he has also been hurt in past relationships, made him seem genuine, if a little guarded.
Our schedule has been busy and I have been seeking how to eliminate. The answers are not clear yet, but I have today. I have a precious gift of a day at home. Thank You, Lord, for nudging a dear friends heart to minister such grace and blessing to me. I am so grateful and am being restored in this gift of quiet and rest.
Fill with hot water, making sure it comes up at least half way up the sides (bain-marie its called) and gently place on the middle shelf of the oven.
I had a really hard time finishing stories, though--child and then teenage me had a difficult time with the concept that stories had to be finished when they got boring. There were so many shiny new plot bunnies to explore! And when I did come close to finishing, I suffered The Great Computer Crashes™ and didn't bother going back and rewriting everything. This attitude has, obviously, changed in the years since.
Do you think Jason Segel, Hillary Clinton and the Muppets could make for a humorous combination? Let TLH know what you think.
We talked about traveling, and music, and squirrels;
I Googled “the political spectrum is a circle”. Apparently this isn’t a new concept. I should remind myself that I am aware of the Nolan chart:
Despite his animations on the touchline, Mancini has remained utterly pragmatic under the press’ microscope and will be aware that his side still face two teams battling for a Champions League place and Premier League survival respectively before the season’s end. Dismissing Swansea and Sunderland on the basis that they have little to play for is calculated misdirection, but City clearly have the tougher assignment. The Italian’s line has been consistent over the last few weeks, as he’d attempted to shift all of the pressure towards United by suggesting City have nothing to lose. Of course, the balance has shifted yet again after last night’s victory with Mancini now needing to prove that his side can deal with the level of pressure that comes with being top of the league in the season’s final stages. Last night proved that City can rise to the big occasion whilst completing a League double over United for only the second time in their history. Newcastle’s ability to match up to the champions elect this coming Sunday could come down to how successful they are at Stamford Bridge tomorrow evening, but with Queens Park Rangers’ situation promising to demand a result from their visit to the Etihad stadium on the final day of the season, City have two final tests to navigate before it can be confirmed that they are the best the land has to offer.
The company expects fiscal 2011 net sales of about $558 million, a decrease of about 1 percent versus the prior year. That’s not as bad as the 18 percent, but it is a decline.
Donald and Peta danced a paso doble to "Purple Haze." Donald said other athletes had done well with the paso (he's watched every season) and hoped he would, too. The judges loved it. Bruno because he was shirtless, and Carrie Ann because it was hot. She said it would go down as the most memorable dance of the season. They got a 27, highest score of the night. I thought he might get at least one 10.
The circus I worked for employed both a doctor and a vet, and I could choose to visit either one. I generally preferred the vet, who was an amiable eccentric called Hugo “Smacker” Ramrod, so named because of his predilection for whacking horses on the rump after treating them. Smacker was a cheerful young fellow who hummed stirring tunes, such as Men of Harlech, while treating his patients. He had no qualms about sticking his fist up an animal’s rear end, which seemed to happen quite often in the line of duty. He knew better than to try any of those tricks on me, of course. I usually went to him for dental treatment, and he was always very careful to tell me what he was doing before he did it. We had a good relationship based on mutual respect and a certain amount of fear (on his part).
KaiserCraft black rhinestones
Where to find Dollars and Sense:
That's because it turns out Mandy over at The Romance Bookie is as equally obsessed with Meg Cabot as I am. So we've decided to get our fellow bloggers slash Meg Cabot fans together for a two month event celebrating all things Meg Cabot.
Platform: Windows & Linux (although, they do have an updated Windows version available in Beta)
Had a nice egg omlet (thanks Kimesha) and I went off to work, a few minutes into my cup of coffee (with splenda now) and my co-worker brings in a bag of fresh croissants. Thanks right?
Strike while the.....bug is close.
AKA: Ghosts of Ashbury High (US)
So, I may not be "one of you" (aka: my greats) but you all inspire me so much that I have the courage to keep puking all over this little, not-at-all-enlightening space. And maybe someday I won't be so cold in your shadow and have sunlight on my face.
"What robots?" I asked.
3. Assertive – “If it is urgent, I would definitely do it. I have a family trip planned for the weekend. If it can wait till monday, I shall do that first thing on monday.”
All the work got borken up by various trips out of the house. One was to help Dad’s friend Steve push his Land Rover Discovery back on to his drive as it packed up literally outside his house .. the bloody thing is as heavy as you like .. I felt like I was on one of those ‘World’s Strongest Man’ things where they pull aeroplanes with there teeth .. but I was just 50% of the pushing on an old land rover .. doesn’t quite compare really ..
Her greeting is very cheerful but…
26. Wasted Days and Wasted Nights -- Freddy Fender
Runner Up : Shit loads of beer and a kebab.
There are so many things to see that it is best to concentrate on a few sections rather than try to see everything at once and just skin over the collections. The V&A website is comprehensive and an excellent resource to make the most of your visit.
Sometimes the brother of a dead man will marry the widow and support her and her children. But many divorced women find it difficult to remarry.
The system to create unprecedented convenience for new products and services now exists. How these will be used will be a closely watched issue over the next 2 to 3 years because the answer to that question whatever the flow of about $13 trillion every year.
“Good-bye Dr. Borden. GEORGE! YOU SHOULD SEE WHAT PUNKY DID!”
"‘Her Body’ is more heart-breaking each time I hear it. A startlingly gorgeous piece on a person’s death being appropriated as a ‘theme park for ideologues’ and their body being turned into a metaphor."
It was amazing to see how much space birds occupied in Matisse's and Picasso's correspondence. Birds seem indeed to have been a common denominator for Matisse, Picasso, and me. Both artists always kept birds at home -- Matisse mostly exotic species, Pablo the more ordinary kind, except for the owl. In my grandmother's garden in Paris, my father's aviary had enchanted my childhood.
FB: OK! Sweater! Yes, it's a sweater. Jeez!
I had been sipping on one of the many cocktails created by famous Sasha Petraske (of Milk and Honey). I cannot remember what it’s called and of course it’s not on the website or any menu I can find so it must be a very new addition. I can tell you it had cucumber, lime and tequila among other things. I really liked how the cucumbers added a fresh clean taste to the drink and it wasn’t overly sweet either.
Last night/this morning (all one giant blur of sleeplessness), I came up with a terrific confrontation scene. I mean super duper incredibly powerful terrific confrontation scene. It came from a scene I already intended to write, and at 2 in the morning, it made sense to make that original scene bigger and more powerful and, well, more confrontational.
Furthermore, how does an alien species communicate with these whales across the galaxy to the point they come looking for them after not receiving any word from them for three centuries? I suppose whales not only have some sort of special way of communicated across the far reaches of space, but it makes them so much more awesome than humans, the aliens only want to talk to them.
It’s where I got the name from in the first place. In the case of the hexagram, it is comprised of two identical trigrams, which represent the element water.
~Instead of trying to be flawless on your first attempt, learn from your mistakes and make a thorough list of what you can improve next time. Put far greater value in learning and improving a little every day, than in being “perfect.” (This has been a particularly powerful tool for me personally.)
What is it about a Monday that makes me feel like I can do anything? I wake up, feeling I am prepared to tackle something major-yet undefined.
Gio is roughly 19.5" at the shoulder. Romeo is about 14" at the shoulder.
*Make cards from prints of grapes - either cut the grapes in half, press in paint and then on paper or put paper on a cookie sheet (one with sides), roll the grapes in paint and then roll on the paper - sounds mess but fun too! I
There wasn't much produce yet because it isn't in season, but there were lovely breads and
AT YOU SPICA - OLIVE 07
Chosen randomly from the comments, the winner of the Play Date Give-away from McDonald's of Utah is . . .
My Feiance' Came home yesterday and with out warning says to me, " I think we should set a Date" I know I haven't touched on this subject much and most of you that don't know us well may think we are already married. But we are in fact engaged and have been now for 5 years. We have been a couple for 7 years. It was a very big surprise that he would drop a bomb on me like this out of the blue. I do not want an actual wedding. I think spending ungodly amounts of money for shiny stuff that no one will even notice or care about and a dress I will wear once, is ridicules. I think I want to go to a justice of the peace and have it done legally and do a celebration just he and I over a dinner out. Kids can baby sit the Twins for 2 hours. We have spoken with the kids, and they understand and don't care about having a wedding either. This isn't either of our first marriages, I just don't see a reason to make a big deal out of something like this. We live our lives every day very loved and Blessed.. why is it necessary to make one day more joyful than the next? We celebrate everyday by showing love to one another with out going broke or needing a loan. I have a beautiful ring and he will too and a piece of paper that will bind us legally. Anyway... I'm thinking of making the date July 4th. easy for him to remember, and if we are ever at a time in our lives that we are not financially able to celebrate, we have all of America celebrating around us, we can participate free.. lol Sounds bad doesn't it? I think it sounds realistic.. Not a fairy tale futuristic thought that I may not make true.
I believe a ground based station , using a HAARP type technology (i.e. a ground based station that emits a HF frequency to induce an effect in the atmosphere or higher)…. possibly even a tweaking of the current RADAR system itself .. is being used to emit VHF or EHF .. could conversely POSSIBLY produce VLF (very low frequency) or relay very low frequency on using the tiltable AIM method.. to “heat” the atmosphere above each station .. to create an “artificial ionospheric mirror = AIM” .. IN THE ATMOSPHERE !
God is not dead, nor does He sleep…
* Still Photographers – for all activities
Well, the point is, it was a delicious, delicious meal. And the best part – I made friends with the lady…老板娘…and we talked for like two hours, in Chinese. She was super young and really chill, and talked about everything from who I’m going to marry to how she met her husband and why they were in Brussels, it was adorable.
That is what is so important.
The nozzle is adjustable so you can control the flow - loved that! The liquid isn't as thick as glue so controlling the flow is important.
Thankfully, a few of the critiques I received were very positive, very encouraging and motivating. Phew! They are the wind behind me, gently pushing me forward.
Although the sale by Derek Quinlan of a car park on South Audley Street in London’s Mayfair stalled at the end of last year, it seems that NAMA has had more success just around the corner at 20, Grosvenor Square which according to sources has sold for GBP £250m (€295m). The seller is understood to be a consortium led by Richard Caring, the 62-year old British rag-trade to restaurant-venue millionaire behind celebrity restaurants such as The Ivy and Le Caprice in London, the mid-market Strada and Belgo chains as well as Harry’s Bar and Annabel’s nightclub not to mention Wentworth Golf Club. And if you’ve ever been to Carluccio’s on Dawson Street in Dublin, you can ponder the fact that 12% of the operation is owned by Richard Caring, or at least it was until the end of last year when Dubai-based retail and restaurant investment company, Landmark Group bought the chain.
i am truly thankful for all of the love, traditions and memories we've shared.
‘“Tell the Doctor”, ok, I get it,’ he said to the screen. ‘Go-chill-take-a-pill, I’m on it.’ Ollie started to rehearse the message ‘dead banana’ and turned away from the screen just in time to see his mother and the Doctor consulting a battered old book. It looked like the one he’d seen on her dresser once, and she’d locked it away after that.
“The ability to earn a profit it thus the ability to multiply our resources while helping other people. It is a wonderful ability that God gave us and it is not evil or morally neutral but fundamentally good. Through it we can reflect God’s attributes of love for others, wisdom, sovereignty, planning for the future, and so forth.”
Images of broken light which dance before me like a million eyes
In today’s schools it seems physical education is getting cut from the budget anyway, but I do think it’s a good idea to incorporate Zumba to get the kids moving (they’ll think they are dancing). I would have done Zumba over square dancing any day (although it was an opportunity to touch cute boys who never talked to you under normal circumstances).
I loved sitting right beside her easel on that day, and I got to watch her mix her paints. It's almost as fascinating as watching her paint.
Interviewer: Are you also against spreading the call for Islam in the West, among non-Muslims?
Bosskut Gazelle.
Okay so It's been a while I know.....sorry *blush* ...no excuses really except work and life getting in the way really. But I'm sat here fit to burst with excitement .......why ? Ooooooooooooooooooo well you know it's not every day an artist whose talent you have admired for a while agrees to share his work with you. It never ceases to amaze me where blog hopping can lead you and one day I stumbled across Ludo's blog, a lovely French artist....see here. It was not long after I'd watched Coraline and his work has that feel to it. Suffice to say I'm a huge fan and I decided to make a connection on FB with him. Soooooooooo one day I thought "Hmmmmmmmm I wonder if he would agree to sharing his work to use as a digi stamp....you know that old saying " If you dont ask you dont get " lol.
enthusiasm is obvious but not overbearing in the recording. if not for the speed problems
Imagine my surprise, then, when I discovered that winds with speeds of 4 to 31 miles per hour are considered to be breezes. A thirty-mile an hour wind is a breeze? Not in my world! I always thought the term “gentle breeze” was redundant, but apparently not. What I considered to be a gentle breeze — anything less than 4 miles per hour — is not even a breeze. It’s just light air movement. A gentle breeze is a wind with a speed of 8 to 12 miles per hour. A fresh breeze is a wind with a speed of 19 to 24 miles per hour. A strong breeze is a wind with a speed of 24 to 31 miles per hour. A gale is a wind with a wind speed of 32 to 63 miles per hour. My dictionary defines a gale as a strong current of air. Who knew Webster had such a sense of understatement! (In case you’re interested, a storm is stronger than a gale, and a hurricane strongest of all.)
With that one statement, he made it clear that he believes that it’s wrong to prevent couples who are in loving, committed relationships from getting married.
It's our secret place. There's moss on the floor, and a little clearing with a stump.
At this point in David’s career he was not a leader who simply sent out men into battle. David was a leader who fought in person.
4. Add chopped onion and fry till the onion turns transparent
You can continue, conga-line fashion (heehe) sewing up one side, cutting baggie to desired length and then sewing other side until you run out of "strip" to cut/sew. I got 4 6 inch baggies plus one smaller one out of one strip of fabric and one yard of velcro.
The Petaling Jaya Utara MP added that the AP system served no other purpose than to make its beneficiaries “instant millionaires.”
Lives of great men all remind us
Couple of months later I took Steven back in again plus his new loser friend Kevin.
And you know I couldn't go through the night without a bunneh!! Lydia challenged us to make a project using the CUTEST bunneh photo as inspiration. We were to represent what gave us the warm fuzzies! SQUEEE!!
Thank you again for all of your love and prayers!
"What the frack!?" they cursed in unison as alarms blared throughout the ship...
And she lives on. A 2002 show at New York’s York Theatre called Red Hot Mama featuring cabaret artist Sharon McKnight brought Sophie’s set back to life for the first time in over thirty years.
Checkout Cheryl’s seductive editorial below:
Tenor Christopher Campbell as Don José
but still, it's tough. it definitely wears on you.
“Hey babe, bring your ass in-” the big tall slinky man opened the door.
Brewery Location: Atlanta, GA
and the punch i threw
Today the wind returned to blow away the heavy clouds and reward us with our first view of snow this Winter!
We received evidence that the secret army had actually existed, at least until the beginning of the 90s. And still there is no reason to believe it was dismissed. Can you add some important details to the above-mentioned?
So stick to the fight when you're hardest hit--
KESSLER ER. Vaccine-preventable diseases in health care. Occup Med 1997; 12: 731-739.
God's calling on my life
It's 4:30 in the morning...
Who, although he be God and Man, yet he is not two, but one Christ;
Nathan's had a slew of doctor's appointments this month and this is the first week the whole month where he doesn't have something to go to. It feels good! On June 2, we had to take him to the ER for a high fever. They never found anything in the cultures they did so they sent us home! It was quite the miracle as far as I'm concerned. We have been to the ER 6 times and that has never happened before. We got out of there just after 11:00pm and we ended up stopping for donuts to celebrate. :)
To her with a natural approach to anything in my life, she pretty much laughs in my face. That simple act manages to really discourage me pretty easily. I think, of the facts are there, the facts are there. If it makes me feel good, and is NOT dangerous, they why not? I don't think "because my mom says so" is a good enough excuse as an adult to do or NOT do anything.
The president and other administration officials have complained loudly for months that, despite significant base rate cuts by the central bank, interest rates on loans for companies and for consumers have barely fallen. The banks said that a high tax burden, high labor costs and difficulties collecting on bad loans make lending more expensive in Brazil than in other parts of the world.
Some of you may recognize these gorgeous silver urns (Mine are currently sitting on top of my mantle)-- Super Mom snagged them on sale at Pottery Barn and purchased a pair for herself, me and Nene as Christmas gifts. She knew that they would be PERFECT going down the center table at our reception (as well as being GREAT Christmas gifts!) -- she was right.
Basketball star formerly with the Portland Trailblazers
I go through phases with desserts and lately I've been all about caramel. Not too long ago that's something you probably wouldn't have heard me say; I feared making caramel and rarely had good results. It still doesn't always turn out on the first try for me, but I'm more confident in the process and actually think it's pretty fun. After I made these salted caramel cheesecake bars recently, I had a ton of leftover caramel in my fridge and started digging through my bookmarked recipes for ways to use it up. Without realizing it, I'd saved these brownies from 3 different blogs so it only made sense to give them a try.
“Ma’am, it’s our choicest–”
That alone might make certain dolls collectable.
Last but not the least, mummy wishes you "Happy 3rd Birthday"
Morneau will have yet another stint on the DL after experiencing soreness in his right wrist. Morneau has become a frequent visitor on the DL; last season he posted career lows in all major offensive categories (disregarding his rookie year) while having several different stints on the DL for PCS, neck surgery, wrist issues, shoulder issues (over the course of a few years).
That you've made goes so wrong
Like “house dick,” like “high windows,” like “a mother…”
As to the photos, I used Photoshop Elements to arrange them on an 8 x 10 and then ordered the print from Walgreens - thanks to Kristina Werner for her awesome video tutorial - she ROCKS!!
Service: Social Justice Issues & Creation Care
Last Friday, I posted Leading The Charge: Leadership Lessons from the Battlefield to the Boardroom as the Video of the Week. The video featured General Anthony Zinni, retired four-star Marine Corps General and a former Commander-in-Chief of U.S. Central Command (CENTCOM). If you haven’t seen that post yet, please take some time to view it. If you do not have the time to watch the video, I have provided a comprehensive summary of what General Zinni said in his lecture.
So lately, my roommate and I have been on this ‘get our butts back into shape’ kick (which followed our more popular ‘peanut butter m&m’s and Diet Coke’ kick) and for someone who has relied on running for exercise the last 9 years, it has been quite the experience. Between the gym, hot yoga, running and boot camp, I have indeed been having my ass handed to me and it feels great.. While I long ago accepted that my aerobic coordination and balance would always be slim to non-existent, I had no idea how clumsy, awkward and downright bad I could be at a sport I used to brag about until I started club softball with my co-workers.
Author: Irving Langer
In the Spider’s web—
Apparent Attenuation: 81% (!!)
Don’t confuse this with yesterday’s feature of Reclaiming the Ruins, today’s band is simply called “Ruin“! From Cleveland, Ohio, this band is composed of Chris Schott, Jim Greenfeather, Jesse Greenfeather, Nick Cox, and Tim Parker Shaffer! Jesse took a break to do an interview with us!
So where does one start from?
I still remember the thrill I felt when I heard his words. It was one of those ‘a-hah’ moments. Those words sang to my soul. Finally I had an answer to a question someone asked me years ago.
90′s – fitted shirts, baggy pants
Morgan’s parents were devastated… and determined. Two years after their precious daughter died, Steven Adams and Joan Slaughter joined the Oncology Advisory Board at The Children’s Hospital in Denver to learn more about research and treatment options. They wanted to give directly to an incredible team of doctors in Denver who would put the funds immediately into leading-edge research and treatments. Joan and Steven asked a small group of friends to help host a fundraiser. On a cold night in February, 2001, artma (art for Morgan Adams) artmaonline.org was born. Hundreds of regional and national artists donated and hundreds of art-lovers showed up. The night was nothing short of magical, and the Morgan Adams Foundation was officially launched. www.morganadamsfoundation.org artma became a bi-annual event, and in 2003 they added a second benefit event, the Morgan Adams Concours d’Elegance (a fancy car and airplane show that has been very successful). Last year, the Morgan Adams Foundation celebrated its $1 million milestone in donations to Pediatric Oncology Research.
"He is Here"
Does man ever learn? Not without the preaching of the Word of the Lord. He will not learn until the Holy Spirit is allowed to convict him of his wayward ways. He who believes a lie lives in a sphere of lies.
I deal with tenants everyday. I can handle someone pushing for a w/d when we can't give it to them.
It is who they are.
I will post as soon as I can and go into detail of each as mentioned above as soon as I get two minutes.
Our local left, likes to publish surveys that make Republicans look bad. Power Line’s Steven Hayward brings this Pew Survey to our attention via the Daily Caller
All these propaganda tools are seriously compromised were one of the four presumed ‘solid’ votes for the mandate to flip, especially an obama appointee. Then the story line goes: ‘This guy devoted the entire first year of his term to getting this law passed,and now it’s wiped off the books. He wasn’t smart enough to realize it had constitutional issues, nor could he even pick the right judge to uphold it.’
It's like an attack on all fronts. How are we supposed to deal with all of this? And how can we not be angry about it?
I am following her blog now too. Thank you for sharing! :0)
For instance, I would totally do store runs for you, make you warm and cold compresses, give you your medicine and totally take your temperature rectally! Oh and I make some of the best fucking chicken noodle soup on the planet (or so I have been told) , and I make it from scratch with fresh egg noodles. I won't dote over you like a mother, I can take on the caretaker role for a while, I consider it compassionate service. I wasn't always good at this, but I have grown to appreciate it as a unique gift of human kindness over the years.
We just want to thank everyone that came by our booth last weekend. As always, we met lots of sweet people and had wonderful "neighbors" in the booths around us. We just had one small booth this time. Since it is spring, we haven't had long in the garage sale season to find a lot of new pieces. But, we are already planning a couple of new things for fall that we are excited about. Something other than the flea market.
I could never do that when I was a kid. It grossed me out.
On the train ride up I sat across from a baby, who was celebrating his baptism. On the hike down from the hill I had witnessed loved ones holding tears in the back in their throats as they poured the ashes of the deceased into the winds of Montserrat to carry. And at the ancient and impressive beautiful church I had walked in on a “boda,” or a wedding and watched as two people shared their vows and forever joined lives.
and i realize, too, that at not-quite-two, we haven't really had to face serious situations where we find ourselves at forks in the road where choices get difficult and complicated. but we have always parented out of respect – first and foremost.
Kim from WW sent me a list of things to do to combat boredom and I am going to share them with you. I will also add my own commentary to the mix.
The video shows about a half-dozen police officers chasing and then tackling Nobody at Queen’s Park. SIU director Ian Scott said the video appeared to show one of the officers striking Nobody repeatedly while he was on the ground.
I had to sand it down, all over which didn't take as long as I thought it would, then I used a natural beeswax polish on it, to give it a protective coat and feed the wood, I normally use the beeswax polish for turned wood, but it worked well on the chest.
Apparently so.
There were many congregations represented at the event. Coral Springs Mayor Roy Gold read a proclaimation supporting the National Day of Prayer. Marquis Sklenar a student at Douglas High School sang “We are the World.” the Spanish Choir of St. Andrew Catholic Church also sang. All the houses of worship present were given the opportunity to read a prayer. Members of the congregations’ youth groups read the prayers.
During the trial it was revealed that the group was heavily infiltrated. Indeed, meetings occurred where the activists were in the minority and most people in the room were either undercover cops, private detectives hired by McDonald's, or a second group of detectives hired to spy on the first lot.
to feel, what can not now be known.
Here you see the second box, which was easier to put together. The black box in the bottom left of this picture is a box we've had for donkey's years - since we first had a home PC and Internet - back in 1998. This stored all our CD's in. Its been all round the house and lastly was in my sons bedroom. It's covered in dust (no surprise there) and had some of those original CD's in - plus some DK ones that my Dad collected years ago from the Daily Express (his choice of newspaper - not mine!). I'm going to give them to my mum as they are things such as the solar system, wildlife, dinosaurs etc etc. - that's if they work on more modern computers (not sure).... The best bit though is that I'm going to alter the box - which is something I'm looking forward to doing.
Every couple of days.
He’s afraid of it being dark in the house but not in his room. He slides his little chair under each switch and flicks them on and the house is as bright as a football field.
On our way to Turds Nest was the longest and steepest descent on the mountain. It is normally the path for a double black diamond when skiing. You had no choice but to run and there was no way of stopping yourself unless you decided to fall on your but and slide down a bunch of rocks. This sucked, and, it was in a place everyone on the mountain could see you. But it did lead us to Turds Nest which was an awesome obstacle that was basically a cargo net suspended in the air that you had to strategically cross, a lot of fun.
What this means is that once you learn to recognize the signs of a speculative bubble, it’s possible to make exact predictions of future events with perfect confidence. A fair number of people—I was one of them, as longtime readers of this blog will recall—did that with the real estate bubble that popped so catastrophically in 2008. Few bubbles in economic history showed the signs of imminent trouble more clearly than this one, and while all but a tiny fraction of economists missed those signs, they were not lost on less blinkered observers. As Keith Brand over at the HousingPanic blog—a voice of sanity all the way through the bubble—used to say, “Dear God, this is going to end so badly.” He was right; his more specific predictions, and those of a lot of other bubble bloggers, were by and large square on targer; and those who derided them—and there were a lot of them, some with impressive credentials—have spent the last three years doing their best to pretend that they didn’t make fools of themselves.
On a much brighter note, one valued, observant, perceptive, intelligent, beautiful and impeccably well-bred close relative wrote regarding my ‘illustrations’;
He wasn’t ready to receive the gospel until he realized he couldn’t save himself. Those sailors were not ready to obey the Word of the Lord through Paul until they had exhausted both the possibilities and themselves during that 14-day period.
junkies
Cold seeps into my body and I sink further
First off, how on EARTH did you notice something like that? Man, I better make sure I never have spinach in my teeth when I post a picture of myself! And yes, I have a tattoo of a fish on my ankle. It seemed like a good idea when I was 18 and knew everything.
I could have perhaps called it a granola cake - but the only granola ingredient it contains is the oats really. This has apple chunks, banana and peanut butter so is not exactly granolafied. It is also bound together with olive oil rather than syrup or honey.
This poor blog has been very neglected! Last year I was posting everyday, but lately it seems I can't focus.
Bake in loaf tin or 9” x 9“ cake tin
I look back at the past 4 months, and I see how doing things, while not perfectly, can accomplish things. If I were too afraid to fail, I would do nothing, as history has shown. Some of the lessons I’ve learned: If it’s too hard, break it down. If your losing motivation, try switching your focus. Record everything in a notebook, writing ideas, no matter how silly. And above all, create rather than consume.
I decided not to do cookie cut-outs, because sugar cookie cut-outs don’t seem to work out very well for me. I decided to go with the slice and bake method, mostly because I had cut-outs. But also…the dough had to chill in a log-shape for a few hours, and slicing them seemed to be easier. Hence the odd-looking shapes, but they were good. And so pretty!
*if chopping ahead of time, separate the veggies with a paper towel and store in an airtight container in the fridge. Don’t let the chopped veggies sit for more than a day
As I said last week, things have been a little crazy. Right now I have a lot of irons in the fire, both professionally and personally, and I’ve been waiting to see how they all pan out. Well, three of those things came to a bit of resolution this week—one turned out as I’d hoped it would and the other two didn’t. (I found this all out on the same day, btw.) Is it the end of the world because they didn’t? No. I knew deep down that the two which didn’t work out were simply a couple of speed bumps in my life and that I just have to deal with it. But at 2 o’clock on Tuesday—(Valentine’s Day, of course!)—I wasn’t quite looking at it that way. I felt old, unloved, unwanted, discouraged, and just generally ticked at the Universe for messing with all my well laid plans. (Yeah, right “of mice and men…” and all that!) I was in the throes of the biggest pity party I’d had in a long time.
My friend has all vintage clothing, purses, shoes oh and a pink poodle stuffed dog the size of a chair, that's big. It will be fun & interesting I'm sure. She said she sells everything from appliances to vintage bakelite jewelry to old formals. Here is a few items I have out so far
This sweet couple is actually the fruition of a design made many months ago for a little boy who loves elephants and the color green -- maybe not my first choice, but boys will be boys, right?
Because I was just thinkin the same thing about you."
The BBC have finally been forced to admit that the clenched fist salute, which Norwegian mass murdered Anders Behring Breivik has been making at the beginning of each day of his trial, is not “a far right salute” as the media have so far been insisting, but is in fact one which is more usually favoured by left wing extremists. A gesture, at its most iconic when made by Nelson and Winnie Mandela in front of the world media on the day Nelson was released from prison in 1990, or by black athletes as a sign of “black power” at the 1968 Olympics in Mexico City.
- I was clearing a backlog: 2 of these are library books, but the rest are review copies. None from my shelves this month.
I'm going to go cook dinner and watch tv and chill for the rest of the evening.
“His demands have risen! Tigerli is very enthusiastic about the toy lion! He plays “Solomon” with the King of the Animals!”
and when she had brought them unto him to eat
Location: New York, NYC
in July!
Now the rain has returned and we are having another enforced break. Luckily it's just a general drizzly damp rain come windy fog and not another downpour. So hopefully no further damage... Meanwhile I have some kale and tatsoi ready to be planted out, But I don't know where I'm going to put it...
As the middle aged woman learned all about parental love, and the shapes and sizes it comes in............
In pondering, or, thinking deeply about St. Josephs role in the lives of Mary & Jesus, I couldn’t help but write today about The Surrogate Spouse.
Progress has been slow the past week or so on the Troll despite a hefty package of parts arriving from Chain Reaction Cycles.
bad rich people let’s raise taxes on the wealthy
The light will dim within you
One of them was forever jumping straight up in the air. I think they should call him Pogo. I had to take all the photos from outside their enclosure because when I was in there, they were all over me. Their fur is so incredibly soft, and I love how they don't have the long skinny noses yet.
Thank you Lord the Lord says there is someone here tonight he said the evil cloud over your family has been rolled away.
But even with no natural light and a crappy photo, this was worth blogging and when spring rolls around I'll update the post with a picture more worthy of this recipe. It's easy. Stupidly easy. It's so tasty. It will easily become a weekly meal for us. Much thanks to Mama G over at Growing Up Geeky for pointing me in the recipe's direction! I took that one and jazzed it up a bit, like the other Buffalo Chicken Wraps I've made in the past. But these ones are a bit healthier as there is no breading and it's not fried.
1 vidalia onion
The lobby will be wallpaper on a crowded street:
The Stonesomething guild leader, Van Cleef, was one of those who were up with the rest on the Keep. Down below they could see him move up, to address the king. He was intercepted by several other of the lords at the party. Words were exchanged, unpleasant ones. Words that caused Van Cleef to storm off to the edge of the Keep, to address the crowd himself.
We all have our little morning rituals that we do as we prepare for the day. I like that the days are longer now. Not that I don’t like the dark of night. I do. There is something quite appealing about it for me. What I love though is being part of the transition when day kisses night goodbye and the darkness fades and new energy and new life is once again breathed into our existence.
The back is covered with a map of the United States followed with a layer of pattern tissue to mute the colors of the map (love the lines). Next I began to fill the tiny compartments . . . each one contains bits and pieces of this and that, each one tells an entire story on its own.
Sometimes popcorn for dinner is enough.
A Baron Frankenstein back up strip for Monsterverse' Flesh @ Blood book 2, 3 and 4, plus monthly Time Team art for Doctor Who Magazine. Open to offers.
Later he began working with the great Coro Folklórico Nacional, (initally formed by Ignacio Piñeiro), with whom he continues today.
Then it is on to the Cruden F1 car. This is accurately mapped in Racer Pro; engineers from within F1 have affirmed its accuracy, especially its power delivery. Despite driving in the same position on the same rig, the F1 car feels so different to the Megane car on the simulator. This shows the Cruden set up does fully replicate the vehicle dynamics and driving experience. You’re not simply driving a faster version of the lower formula car model.
36. Teeth
“Try and do the best you can, hold on and let Him hold your hand,
Makin' Love
No, you're just both ready, life is ready, - to move to the next stage of your mother-child connection. The energetic cords created at conception begin their obvious dissolution right now. It's necessary, inevitable, desirable... and painful.
Do you have a food rule you won’t cross?
Dr Chua also has a message for the delegates tomorrow the need to publicise what the party has done for the people and also what it can continue to do for them.
and touch your
Quality: FLAC (tracks+.cue) + Scans
I have made it myself a few times since then. I won't even try any other recipe - why mess with success? Well, it had been quite awhile since I've made it so Sunday I decided to throw a batch together. That's literally all there is to it - throw it together and bake it. My kids absolutely love it and I'm happy to be feeding them a more substantial cereal than boughten.
Never believe that publishers know anything about creative writing. If they did, they would be writing books themselves.
Asked to comment, Satan, from his villa in Vatican City, said, “Go ahead and think I am Allah Yahweh, go ahead and say Fulford is correct, that is fine with me — for I am my Name.”
I responded by shouting at her. I feel guilty just typing that here now. I yelled at her for not doing anything wrong but merely because I was stressed.
So the day after the wedding, before Amma and myself left for Delhi,my cousin Rosily found out that the caterers for Madhuramveppu had a restaurant closeby to where we were staying. That means, they will have the same dessert on the menu!! So without wasting another minute, we set out to finding Ernesto's.Making sure we saved some space for the much awaited dessert, we had a small lunch and then gorged on 2 full bowls of Serradura.Then we rushed back to the hotel to pack our bags and catch the next train to our respective destinations with one thought in our minds,'Get the recipe for this dessert!'.
But there is also a more selfish reason. Laurie is a damn fine writer and I'm fascinated by how she tells a story.
I keep thinking the women in Mad Men will grow a spine and tell one of those jackasses to take a flying leap. But instead they take control in the way they can, with sex. We can all see the tides turning in the show. The 60′s are a time of flowering sexuality and independence. I loved the scene where Megan takes off her robe and starts cleaning the house. Don is such a big, strong control freak but he marries the first woman who is genuinely nice to him. She knows how to play him like a fiddle!
So I pray...
In 2007:
The deaths caused controversy in Northern Ireland when it was revealed that neither of the IRA men had fired a shot during the incident, prompting claims that the SAS had opened fire on the men without making an attempt to arrest them.
I've got to say, it really was pretty easy. A few things worked against me... my canvas is smaller than the one he's using, I don't have a multitude of brushes and I don't have a good brush cleaning system going. Overall though, I am very please with how I've done so far. My snow and happy tree techniques are lacking, but since my intent is to paint desert sunsets, snow really won't come into play often. Nor will pine trees, of which I am not a big fan of anyways.
After more than half a century of independence we still cling on to the notion that an inclusive national narrative can come about through not one, but several vernacular education systems. Nowhere else in the world (or the developed world at least) can I think of an example of such an arrangement, where both the government and the opposition seem inclined to support the popular demand for vernacular-based education streaming.
Me x
This would mean we have 5, 2 and 2.5 against 3 and 4.
As you can tell, I was in the mood to procrastinate. Something I'm VERY good at doing. I had a ton of things I needed to get done before I left to go to CHA, but I didn't feel like doing any of them, so instead I opted to play around in my journal. I was toying around with some new frames, which were hand-doodled. I Airbrushed some very simple backgrounds after doodling in my frames and then colored them using my Copic markers. I dodled a much simpler frame on the right-hand side around a circle cut-out. I know it kind of seems like the two pages don't really go together subject wise, but I was thinking about all my work I was procrastinating and then I got to thinking about other people's work....and I decided to spill my little secret.
The Templar fiction list continues strong after the success of H./M.Castor's VIII, with a debut by Claire McFall called Ferryman, the first of three unrelated titles. McFall is a young Glaswegian teacher and her book is a romance set in the afterlife of the girl victim of a road accident, who falls for the man who comes to ferry her across to the other side. Should do well!
The British people don’t care about reform of the second chamber and nor can they afford the debates, consultations, referenda and restructuring that such a move would necessitate. Clegg should put down his latest vanity project and get on with fixing the economy.
The CCF must not mean MAS has to abandon all their plans and not Air Asia. Shell and Exxon can do JV for upstream but they do not close up their gas station for the other to enter.
I remembered that even when I was younger, I already had an inclination to teach. I loved to talk and give advice; I wanted to be a priest at one point since I thought it would be cool to give ‘unboring’ homilies. Back in grade school, I would often substitute for my teachers whenever they’re absent. In high school, I joined an organization that reached out to public school children. I taught catechism for two years at the Balara Elementary School, and I loved interacting with the kids. And in college, I became a master of listening and reading people. But apparently, the person I misunderstood most was me.
With what sort of a feeling you hope the public leaves after attending a Sigur Rós concert?
And Dog was happy. . . . .
Is my parents’ happiness based on what they perceive as something that brings us joy, or the child’s happiness?
Uncle Jack and Aunt Liz, they divorce a few years later. I hear about how Jackie tries to take her life because her boyfriend broke up with her. My perception of happy family shatters like brick thrown into mirror.
1. What is your name?
We had discussed getting a new SUV with a third row. Having seen the commericals for the Chevy Traverse, I was smitten. This could be the car that saved us from minivans. It could fit seven (or eight) comfortably. I could have room for two car seats plus all their stuff and still have more then one other adult in the car with us.
Okay, on to your question. Yes, it's bad protocol to shop for an agent while you're under contract. Honestly, it's a breach of contract and puts all parties, including the agents you're talking to, in a very uncomfortable position. What if your agent happens to be best friends with one of the other agents you're talking to? How does it make you look to other agents if they know you're the kind of author who might go behind their backs when unhappy? That being said, it does happen all the time. While certainly some agents will feel "protocol be damned," others might tell you to get back in touch after your relationship has been dissolved.
With Thanksgiving fast approaching, people are expressing what they are thankful for during this season.
It's been a long, long time since I've seen a Killdeer. Gulls, yes. Brown pelicans, yes. And more grackles than I care to count.
Isn't that a wonderful digi image, a beautiful outdoor tree decorated with stars and snow. I have had this image for a very long time, but never pulled it out to use.
But the really cool thing, is that the concept and the idea of today's post, can also be implemented in the home! Love that!
Byrd*
- 35 inches tall! They used to say that if you measure your little girl on her second birthday (and your boy when he's 2 1/2) and double that you will get their adult height. That would mean Darcy will be 5'10"! That would be really shocking coming from a mom as short as me, and she would only be 1 1/2 inches shorted than Drew. :) HA. I heard that theory on my family website and it was proven wrong many times in my family, but it's fun to try. She really is tall though. She's one of the younger ones in nursery, but quite a bit taller than mostly everyone in there.
We learn to walk, we learn to talk, we learn maths, we learn english, we learn to read – progression.
Norbie is apparently Al's only human friend. They go back several years to their army days. Norbie saved Al from drowning after their ship was bombed in the Pacific. Al owes a lot to Norbie. And when he comes with suitcases in hand and a hard luck story of a failed marriage and failing health Al can't turn him out. Norbie becomes his roommate for an indeterminate stay. One night Norbie introduces Al to the lost art of drinking absinthe (complete with sugar cube and special spoon) and when Norbie goes to retrieve that cursed liquor from his suitcase he inadvertently reveals a huge cache of money - $60,000 to be exact. The next day Al confesses his wonder at the mysterious amount of money to Eulalia and she begins to fill his head with criminal ideas.
Instead I should be saying, “I’m officially not thinking like a 20-something.”
Computer analysts found the Dutch engineer appeared to have a fascination with pornography depicting violence towards women. In some of the films he viewed, men held women by the neck while they had sex.
Speedy Fox and Friends challenge this week is to create a card using Rainbows. I actually pulled out my rainbow die looked at it and then put it back in the box. I decided to create a rainbow of stripes instead.
Boots: Coach
The shops central locations will harness a rustic retail space, with stone floor, baskets, wooden shelves, chalkboards etc. The ovens will be directly behind the counter delivering a fresh-from the-oven-feel. Some space for grab & go brunch/lunch market goodies in fridges, POS and fresh made coffee to-go. These other products will compliment the rustic & organic ethos within the shops.
Well, with all due respect and I’m very sorry for the security guard, but just how is this my concern? I’m presuming when he took the job the guard realised it was a high risk position. Or had he been told he’d be helping little old ladies with their shopping trolleys? I suspect not.
A smoldering, longing feeling for me from you
TD: To understand how you will act tomorrow, it’s good to have a look over your shoulder to see where you’re coming from. What made you decide to start a business? Why is it that you think you can assume a leadership role? What evidence do you have from past experiences that can predict your success in that role? These are questions you could ask yourself before starting a business. Being an entrepreneur is completely different from being an employee, even as an executive in a CEO role.
Q025) In work or private time, what’s something you want to try and challenge?
Everything rested on my shoulders weighing me down and pain continued to batter at me like a twig on a turbulent sea. I pinched the bridge of my nose. If it has to be seafood, then I at least want a shark that we can fry in the pan or sauté with butter. It’s been two months since we had shark. Anything but stupid catfish, crab, and shrimp.
Getting married was difficult for me. I had been engaged twice before with two different men. Both of whom I left when I started to freak out over the whole idea of "forever." So when Mr. Stranger Upstairs proposed, he set it up so we'd marry in five weeks so I couldn't freak out and change my mind. Of course, I did freak out and I changed my mind several times and on our wedding day, when we exchanged our vows, I never promised myself to him forever. We wrote our own vows. I promised to love him always but that I couldn't promise that we wouldn't grow apart or away. I couldn't promise more than I felt certain I could deliver on. At that point, I knew only two couples who stayed married until death did them part and I'd learned that they'd both failed to keep all the promises they made when they said "I do."
But I try never to do that. Because the news is so damn depressing. And a person who battles depression should not surround themselves with depressing things. (That's not to say I don't care about these things; I just can't deal with them.)
Bad is winning over the Good and is more in proportion both spiritually and scientifically.
I've been pretty much doing this menu planning challenge....and believe me, it's been a challenge! AND, it's surprisingly nice to know what's for dinner. Who knew?
Reader’s of the Healthymemory Blog should be aware that these examples of successful aging are due to their continuing to engage their attentional and System Two processes (See the Healthymemory Blog Posts “Review of the Washington Post’s The Aging Brain, More on Attention and Cognitive Control,”, “Passing 65,” “Memory and Aging,” and The Two System View of Cognition.” ) (Note that clicking on the hyperlinks will take you to other articles and not the Healthymemory Blog Posts. To read the posts, enter the title in the blogs Search Box.)
In Madrid, bocadillo de calamares are a local specialty. Fresh calamari is lightly dusted with flour and deep-fried until a pale golden hue. It's piled into a bread roll with garlic aioli, and proves to be dangerously satisfying.
8:30-9:00: Down time, pretty much.
The three year bull market has run into some resistance lately as it tried to clear to SPX 1400 level. It ran into the same type of difficulty, to varying degrees, at 1100, 1200 and 1300. This is the normal progression of a bull market. Overall we continue to project a 2013 bull market target high between SPX 1545 and 1586. Since the market has already risen from SPX 667 in March 2009 to SPX 1422 in April 2012, most of the gains would appear to be behind us. Our objective now is to identify the significant waves as they unfold, and label them correctly, so that we can identify the actual high of this bull market.
We inked around the edge of each of the Start Ups charms with black StazOn ink and then set it with a Heat Tool. I ALWAYS have the kids print their initials and the date on the back of each of their projects, so they become a treasured keepsake.
http://www.hulu.com/tiger-and-bunny Tiger & Bunny is a new show that is being simulcast on Hulu - aka subtitled and available for streaming just hours after it airs in Japan. This show is amazing! It takes place in a future city where super heroes are part of a super popular reality TV series and earn points for the things they do, while being sponsored by major companies. The animation is stunning, the pace is fast, and I am ready to order the toys. I think fans of western comics could really appreciate this show even if they don't like anime.
The other day Kenzie and I were searching for her lost shoe. Logically she attempted to solve the problem: "I bet the computer knows where my shoe is" So we Googled, "Where is Kenzie's shoe?" No answer. I had to teach her a vital lesson. Google doesn't have all the answers. There isn't a little man living inside the computer who cares and knows about every little move we make. Although I think a lot of us like to pretend there is or at least act like there is.
Calendula is known for its healing properties, for being anti-bacterial and anti-inflammatory. This fine soap produces a lovely lather, but is kind to the most sensitive skin. Contains no artificial colors or preservatives, which are often found in many store-bought soaps.
Leazes Park was Newcastle’s first public park. It was designed by John Laing and opened by Alderman Sir Charles Hamond on the 23rd of December 1873. It became the first public or peoples park created on Tyneside for the purposes of exercise and recreation. The Council minutes show that the park was laid out over a number of years and could not be appreciated as 'complete' until the 1890's.
Reeve immediately set to work. While he was working Kaelyn tried to sort through the foggy events of Rhoswen’s attack. There was something she felt sure had caught her attention during the time she was waking up, but it remained elusive. Suddenly she remembered.
For the brief, transitory moment that the Kindle was 'new technology', this meant there was a consumer demographic that was available through social media and retailer forums like the Kindle boards. Unfortunately, it's also a demographic that was always going to lose interest quickly in the event of a gold rush.
To break this spell - I'll take your hat, your hair looks swell
Star struck tart~over and out!
I have two sets of eye-glasses that I use to look back over my life.
Finally, I finished this painting today, just in time for our final grad class/critique this coming Tuesday night. One thing I learned most when working on this one was to never, ever go into a piece expecting to finish early. I really rushed into this painting from the start, convinced I'd have it completed in a couple of classes, then on to the next one. Nope, it just doesn't work that way, at least for me, and quite the opposite occurred. As a result of rushing early on, I ended up having to fix a lot of mistakes and some not-so-happy accidents. Most notable was when I was walking to class from my car, through the parking lot, painting in tow while a mighty wind blew. The wind ended up blowing the painting into my jacket zipper causing a minor, but very noticeable patch of scratch marks. I wasn't too happy about this and upon getting to class, promptly mixed what I thought was the right color combination, and instead used the wrong type of blue (without even testing it out on another surface). This began a chain of unfortunate events that evening, as it seemed like each consecutive step I took with the painting made it worse, until I ended up having to basically redo the entire piece, where I once thought I would be finished. This was extremely frustrating, and at one point I wanted to throw it off the nearest bridge, after kicking the crap out of it first. After getting over the original frustration and accepting the fact that I simply need to slow down, I was good. Even my teacher said something to me that I tell my elementary art students all the time, and that was that I shouldn't worry, it's not a race. So, I needed to practice what I preach. Once again, I have to give my wife and her painterly eye, and her kind but sometimes brutal opinion, lots of credit regarding this painting. There were a few times I thought I had completed this, but like Yoda with his cane whacking Luke's behind, she reminded me just how much more needed to be done. Even last night I had thought this was finished, but she told me to sleep on it and to look at it again Sunday morning and see if I still thought it was done. After another hour of reworking the sky and getting another layer of clouds in, it finally looked finished. It should be interesting to hear what my colleagues say at the critique, and there is the possibility of working even more clouds into the piece. I find that letting go of my ego and pride, and accepting kind advice from people has been the absolute best thing I could possibly do in order to grow as an artist. For now though, I'll call it finished.
In exchange for some unused Golden Giveaway codes and Astros Sam sent me 32 Kimball minis from series one and two. Now I just need to knock out the ones from Update.
Soldiers have been deployed to drive fuel trucks.
They are not safe, and will surely create a few sort of wellness problems. Lice are insects that are regarding the size of a sesame seed that live on human scalps. Chemical treatments that you should dig advice first from your doctor before you can utilize them as frequently as you want. As a result, the surest way to guarantee an powerful treatment for lice to hire the professional nit pickers. Head lice live directly on the scalp, hooking the head with a little claw-like hooks.
I'm talking about that gasping-for-air-and-squinting-because-your-eyes-are-so-puffy-now-you-can't-see-a-thing kind of cry.
I love Sydney Bristow because she is and always will be fantasy for me. I wouldn’t last under torture for a moment. I know this because in the past week I had four cavities filled. And because this
How do you cook your 'Beef Stew'?
Something is clearly wrong here. Yes. It is.
A lot has changed since we went back to ONU for homecoming 4 years ago. For starters, little old Ada now has a McDonald's. And our drive to ONU has changed for the better: Route 30 is a real highway all the way from 71 with an exit straight to Ada. Gone are the days of being stuck behind a semi or slowing down for little towns with speed traps - what a great thing!
Thank you Mom for your understanding, even though we know there were times you didn’t understand.
As I have got older I tend to get up earlier. So around seven I am straight down to the kitchen to make coffee, which is very important. The rich oily smell of the fresh coffee is an essential thing and I stand happily over the chugging machine and breathe it in as it flows. After breakfast I cross the seventy feet or so of garden to my shed, which I refer to, pretentiously harking back to a romantic vision of a non existent Old Russia, as my Dacha. I am very fond of this little mint green building and feel very happy when I am inside it and things can begin.
Why did I not know where I was when I woke up this this morning?
It’s important to note that the course I teach are NOT computer courses, they are UC approved Art and communication courses that use computers. I make the distinction because the focus of the manual is not the nuts and bolts of computer hardware and software, but rather it is focused on teaching high school students to improve their communication skills and take advantage of 21st. century communication technology. Sure, they can already use MySpace, program their iPods, and post their own movies on uTube, but this curriculum gives students a direction, background information, and teaches them the production process.
Add eggs and cook, stirring constantly, until scrambled, 2-3 more minutes. Top with goat cheese and serve immediately.
In a statement, Bloomberg said he was disappointed by USDA's denial.
At the moment we are some where between Katherine and Tennant Creek. I have no idea where. Kylah just asked Ben how much longer till we get to Tennant Creek and he said 'one and a half hours'. Kylah replied 'oh good, that's not too long'.
“Alexandre,” she said suddenly. “What happens to the camp during the rain? I mean, we’re on higher ground, so we’re nice and dry, but what about the people below us? That’s quite a dip the ground where the tavern’s set up.”
oh so unremarkable
“With this great of lighting, you can practically SEE her orgasm as you fist-fuck her in the supply closet!”
Generously douse a layer of ganache on top, evening it out with a palette knife, as much as possible.
Drinkability - This beer is very drinkable but I think there maybe a little too much raspberry. I think the beer may have been better served being a brown ale with hints of raspberry rather then a raspberry beer with brown ale characteristics.
I snapped some progress shots while I painted it, and thought I'd share them with you guys. I used to always sketch out my entire tree before I painted over it, but now I have kind of gotten the hang of these trees (I've painted lots and lots of them!), so I just do a general guideline with my pencil of the base of the tree, then get the idea of where I want the branches to go in my head, and just paint it out from there. I figure, if something goes wrong, it's nothing a quick swipe of a wet paper towel can't fix.
my cricut
And hooray, it's Friday! I'm really looking forward to this weekend, which should involve some more couch (and therefor blog) time than the last one. We'll be seeing some bands, going to a sort-of art opening, and having lunch with some friends. What are you up too?
Now for some fun reading. As you already know, this Hard Rock Cafe tasting was going to involve the company of a person who shot my HRC glassware collection. As a matter of happy co-incidence, it was Salonee Gadgil of bellyfirst.
Bards Notes, Compass and Boat Quest 3
No choice
I don't know what I liked so much about The Rocky Horror Picture Show; it just struck a chord. I was always a big fan of musicals and weirdos, and I was vaguely familiar with the work of Meatloaf, so I guess it was right up my alley. "My alley" is apparently one of those dark, tawdry alleys behind a gay bar.
Life is filled with questions but…the answers are up to you!
Armoires are efficient and convenient; when you open the doors, you can see everything at a glance: folded items on open shelves, hanging space high enough so nothing touches the bottom, and maybe even a drawer or two for precious items.
Sigh, one day I will get another one, maybe even the hybrid version (my inner hippie just cheered) (I am already planning and saving). Until then I will continue to drive my matrix and put all the miles onto this car that I have no feelings for. And I will work on paying it off so that I have more flexibility in my future car options.
"This is surprisingly nuanced so early in the run." ... "Is it running too hot now?" ... "This would be nice over a cube of ice." ... "Some time in the wood and I think we've got a real winner." ... "Speaking of ice, do we have any? This really needs to be cooled down." ...
"I knew that already," said the bunny.
Let the word of Christ richly dwell within you, with all wisdom teaching and admonishing one another with psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing with thankfulness in your hearts to God. Whatever you do in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks through Him to God the Father. (Col. 3:16-17)
Large-mannered motions to his mythy mind.
07 - Bloody Reunion 04:04
We need to organise teams of volunteer diggers to help elderly or infirm folk complete the last yards to their homes. It’s time to dig again for victory folks. Please can each village’s broadband champion in Leith-Lyvennet area put the word out that we need digger teams? The old adage is true, many hands do make light work! In this case the infrared light that will work for us in wonderous ways bringing the world to us and us to the world!
Petula Clark began her showbiz career on British radio during WW2, was one of the pioneers of UK television, she was a successful film actress and all of that before she began her recording career. She had a string of hit songs through the 60s, and has branched out into stage musicals and theatre
The sister: She was shot twice: once in her side and once in the head.
Coincidentally, de Botton’s views sound like an echo of another voice here in the States — retired Episcopal bishop John Shelby Spong, a man whose views place him squarely outside Christian orthodoxy. Spong took to the airwaves last month to promote his new book, in which he argues that Scripture was never meant to be read literally. Letting go of rigid doctrines like the Virgin Birth and Divinity of Christ, he says, are necessary if Christians hope to “stop the exodus of people from religion.”
I was young, full of energy, always off exploring… no one ever went near the Forest, I had never known why. One day I ventured too close, and a voice called out to me.
* severe eye pains and pressures, blurred vision, sensitivity to light
mad monk abbottabad
Look at these facts:
Camp Atterbury Public Affairs
Birth Place :
Lt. General John G. Castellaw, USMC (Ret.) Aviation Commandant (’05-’07),
The British Islands were an isolated lot. There were many areas in the Iles, Scotland for one, that were never, ever conquered. And so, were never assimilated into the civilization of the day. In one point in history the Romans erected a wall to keep the untamed barbarians at bay. This edifice is referred to as Hadrian’s Wall. The Wall was erected as a barrier and line of defense protecting the Roman legions from the Scottish devils. Up to this point in time Rome was yet to be defeated. The Roman legions strode their way through most of the known world. They easily conquered the Gauls, barbarians of France, and the Teutons of Germany. Both peoples being of Celtic ancestry, they shared common traditions, beliefs and customs with the Picts and their dependents in what was then to become Scotland.
Thanks again for a great contest experience and for all of the excellent writing. Give the winners a pat on the back for their outstanding work.
There are many ways of being humorous. One can juxtapose different character types as I did in Daughter Am I. I did not intend for the book to be humorous, but parts of it ended up that way because of Mary’s relationship with the old gangsters. The humor did not come from the age difference but from value differences. The old gangsters had no problem breaking the law, and Mary did.
Me: Yes, Luke, fires are very dangerous. That's why we like firemen.
Anwaar: You know that I do not share your views. I know there are flaws in our lives, but I’d be happier if we just accepted it.
Correspondances, Eugène Green, France. Drama, 39 min.
In Jasmine Skies Mira is often moved to tears by the poverty she sees around her. The poverty and suffering caused through drought and flood in many places in the world, including India, Bangladesh, Pakistan and Africa, is appalling. If I were to tell a story written in a landscape of drought or flood Airavata would definitely make an appearance because his presence would always bring hope.
Featuring two expert speakers, the chapter not only tackled remarketing, but also the sensitive issue of reconditioning and the increasing importance of retail as a channel in your overall fleet remarketing strategy. Our speakers were Ron Shoemaker, Chief Executive Office of Hourglass Management Company and Anita Fitzpatrick, General Manager of eFleet Direct Denver (an Hourglass company). Both speakers shared freely from their experiences in both the wholesale and retail marketplace and shared many entertaining stories of their experiences in fleet and the auto industry. While Ron concentrated on the wholesale fleet environment, Anita shared her experiences with what is involved in getting vehicles “front line ready” – that is, getting any vehicle ready for sale on a retail lot. The meeting was an open forum to allow all participants to share their thoughts and ideas. Some of the topics covered included:
Bathing them in light and loving energy
Every man, woman, and child farts. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know. But, still, it's gross, unladylike, and just plain eeww. I will always maintain my position on it, being the worst thing possible that I don't do.
And when you tap on the field, the selection will popup. Note the label “Category” is too long to shown, it truncated, however every item there can be adjusted using CSS, check out the duckumention’s properties of textfield.
“If a leader is Muslim, he cannot commit genocide because Islam forbids murder.” The context was Erdogan’s defence of Sudan’s President Omar al-Bashir for his massive destruction in Darfur. Nobody seems very clear about why he said it, but for myself I have no doubts at all, and never have: Recep Erdogan is a madman. Even worse, our incompetent Foreign Office is mad for having anything to do with him.
Internationally acclaimed jazz trumpeter Brownman stride into the city on Friday as the first act in the inaugural Tower Jam concert series at One HSBC Center in downtown Buffalo. The beloved, genre-crossing Toronto horn aficianado will play a retrospective of the works of legendary jazzman Miles Davis with a pickup combo of Buffalo jazz all-stars - a nice post-work treat for anyone ready to call it a week.
In each case in the latter two texts, we see that Antinous’ flower is cited as somehow surpassing the others because its memorial of its namesake is not as horrible as what came before, and that Antinous’ death was somehow more joyous or even redemptive, perhaps.
P.S. I am going to pick up my husband's race packet tomorrow in Galveston
learned that the hard way) It runs a little big for my small skull, but the hair makes up for any sizing issue. Ha! I'm halfway thru a second attempt using the old Caron SS with some tweaking - more slouch and a tighter rib...I'll see how it goes.
TAG TEAM CONTENDERS:
“Have you decided what you’d like?” he asked, while he prepared to write my order on his notepad.
Here’s Kamiya-san, who was forced to stay overnight in a hotel because the show was going on location. They recorded the opening in one of the hotel rooms. And just like that, we departed for Haneda Airport!
The Hanging Valet Bag is ideal when I am staying in a hotel, because I can just hang it on the hook on the back of the bathroom door and have all my essentials, moisturizers, toothbrush, etc. easily accessible to me and have everything organized in one spot. I love that they are see-thru too (instead of the mesh that some other valet bags have) because it makes it easier to see your things. The removable second pouch also comes in handy when you don't want to bring the entire thing with you.
In order to wrap up 2011, my first full year of blogging at Room Rx, I thought I would do like many other bloggers are doing this week and share my top 10 posts from the year. These are not the most viewed or most commented on, but my personal favorites, showcasing not only what has been meaningful and important to me but a few projects I am particularly proud of.
♦♦♦Louisa May Alcott♦♦♦
That is 100% not me. I think that's about as good as anyone can look while neti-potting. Taylor thought it would be "hilarious" to film me on his iPhone once last spring... all you can hear is him laughing ridiculously and me cussing at him through drowning noises. Anyone else use a neti pot? What do you do to help relieve allergy symptoms? What are you allergic to?
1 novice
Landscaping, to include removing grass from sidewalks, replace
my favorite part of the whole day was watching the two of them
Wonderfully, God has given us a few hours to soak this in. It’s really ironic that judgment day will still come as a thief in the night to the world even though they heard the May 21 warning.
On low heat in a pan, melt 1 tbsp butter, brush sides of pan with melted butter. Turn heat up to med-high. Place unwrapped caramel candies in the pan a few at a time, letting them melt before adding more. This will prevent burning. Stir frequently, scraping bottom of pan, for about 10-15 minutes and all candy is melted. Dip pretzels in caramel and place on wax paper. Allow to cool at room temperature until caramel is stiff. Wrap individually or group them in bags. Tie with a pretty bow.
This barn was threatened and saved from demolition in 1989, with negotiations resulting in an easement agreement between the Cottage Grove Historical Society and the property owner. The easement expired in 2010 and extension negotiations with the new owner have been unsuccessful. The new owner has assessed a fee of $130,000 for the barn with a small portion of land, or $30,000 for the signage, the latter being the price he believes he can fetch on eBay.
Nick has released a statement for now, but will be discussing it further on his final show.
Andrúm
Lift the carcass to your ear, imagine you hear the sea, across which the hero attempts home. At this distance, who remembers the names of the crew, or M's siberian jailers?
...And a few beers from OSKAR BLUES (Gubna and Ten Fidy!!!) courtesy of Pat and several vintage surprises from my personal cellar! You'll just have to come in to find out...
Station Renovation Project
2011/2016 of N13 billion for
“I don’t have time.”
If you see the big bang as a big GOOD, and if you want to move beyond inner peace to outer enlightenment, this book will be a good guide book for your new evolution.
Envy is an interesting mix of suspense, romance and story-within-a-story. Maris is a book editor at the family publishing company, married to former author/current business partner Noah. When she receives an intriguing prologue to a book with only vague clues about the author’s identity, she searches for him and finds him on an island off the coast of Georgia. As she untangles the mystery of this reclusive, damaged soul and his mysterious story, her own life in New York becomes more tangled. Mixed in with the story is the author’s book, also titled Envy, the story of two college buddies who yearned to be the next Hemingway.
“Recently, Ron Haskins of the Brookings Institution, a Washington think tank, testified before the House Budget Committee on the growth of the 10-largest “means tested” federal programs that serve people who qualify by various definitions of poverty. Here’s what Haskins reported: From 1980 to 2011, annual spending on these programs grew from $126 billion to $626 billion (all figures in inflation-adjusted “2011 dollars”); dividing this by the number of people below the government poverty line, spending went from $4,300 per poor person in 1980 to $13,000 in 2011. In 1962, spending per person in poverty was $516.”
But, at least I'm FREE... in two more months. Did I fail to mention that? I'll see your two weeks and raise you 2.5 MONTHS before I'm allowed to stop working there. I know, life's a bitch.
Thank you Ali Edwards for changing my perspective when it comes to New Year's Resolutions. One Little Word is the way to go for me. I love embracing a single word... a word that will shape me, define me, challenge me, lead me, reach for me, push me, pull me and allow me to be ... well, more.
Always experimenting with new flavors, she recently created the Latin-inspired alfajor cupcake. The name: Don't Cry for Me Argentina.
What the Trades Unions do constitute, however, is precisely what Marx says here, “organising centres”. The bourgeoisie, as its economic power developed, within the towns, used those towns as its organising centres. It was via, Coffee Houses, Business Clubs and whatever that groups of bourgeois could come together, and discuss their common interests, develop strategy etc. and begin to develop the political forms, which met their particular needs, the development of their Political Party, the development of Municipal Government etc. The Liberal Party did not simply emerge as the political party of the bourgeoisie, but was the product of these discussions, and conscious organisation. The same is true of Municipal Government. The only similar forums for workers were the Trades Unions. The Trades Unions were not an end in themselves, therefore, but an effective means by which the workers could begin to develop the ideas, and begin to create the kinds of organisations under which the material conditions which led to the competition between them could be changed. Trades Unions in themselves could never achieve that, and so could not be the basis of creating a new society.
LeBron must stay aggressive and engaged for the entire series. If he wants the title it is his. If he wants to drift off, he will not raise another banner in the arena.
But then I found this word: Taghairm. And I decided that I could not pass up the opportunity to be GRATEFUL that there are things that were done thenadays that we NO LONGER DO nowadays.
Ah, but then we take a gloomy turn, for why should he care from beyond the grave how grand things are? “What’s it to me?” he asks before shifting to the romantic notion of sharing a corpse worm with his beloved. Think I’ll try that line out on the wife.
I realize that it may not be realistic to eat organic food 100% of the time. But at least now you have some food for thought (J). My experience is that it is something that you must grow into. What has worked for my family is a commitment to organic food 25% of the time. Once you can prove to yourself that you can feel the difference than you can grow into eating organic food more often.
Absolutely LOVE this look. Its so sparkly and girly, it just looks.. expensive ya know? Like you paid a lot for it :3
even though I would be in Sydney and way out of the area for most of
The report goes on to say that enterprises that currently host user-generated content could in the future become content service enterprises.
3. Dark Chocolate Ganache Insert
loud is not the word
Sentosa Island is a must stop for most tourists in Singapore. Although the most popular attraction on the island is Universal Studios Singapore, the other attractions in Sentosa are must-visits too!
South Africa's inherent characteristics and past social and economic policies have given rise to a set of circumstances which must be recognised if we are to find the best way out of our difficulties. Social, economic and environmental policies appropriate to these realities must be designed. We have looked at some of South Africa's strengths and weaknesses and its historical patterns. We shall now identify some further important realities of South Africa's current socio-economic system structure:
“Sounds good…”
I have to agree with you there, Cold. You’re far worse than deadly. Unlike your cousins (who shoot to kill), you get into a person and just sit there. Tickle his throat slightly so he’s suspicious, but not fully aware of your presence. Then make him sneeze now and again. Mess with his mind ever so subtly, and then right in the middle of his workday… attack! Take no prisoners. Grab his sinuses, fill his brain with what feels like several anvils, and treat his nose like a machine gun until the poor sap figures it was probably a train that ran into him.
And the school continues talking to students about traffic safety, obeying basic rules and not crossing in the middle of a block. Ms. Starodub said pedestrian awareness and education is an ongoing effort at the school.
12. Call fire department to retrieve the damn cat from across the road. Apologize to neighbor who crashed into fence while swerving to avoid cat. Take last pill from foil wrap.
I’ve lost a few pounds for sure, but I feel like I’ve lost about 20. I definitely don’t look any different than I did last week, but I feel more solid, less flabby, and stronger, more energized. I’m excited to get to the point where my clothes start to feel looser and I can actually see a difference in my shape. But on the other hand, I didn’t exactly notice when I was gaining weight. In my mind, I look no different than I did 30 lbs ago. Of course, I can see the difference if I look at pictures side by side, but in the mirror I look the same as I did in college. Maybe it’s because I look at myself every day and the change happens so gradually it’s hard to notice. Or maybe there’s some level of denial that I could let myself get this big.
Ethical Corporation and Useful Social Media are today hosting a conference on reputation and crisis management in New York.
I'm sure that there still might be a way to pull it all together. Maybe I ought to try mixing B&W photos with color ones, or perhaps not having matching frames. I definitely think the floating shelves are not working. All this indecision has left many bullet holes on that poor, paneled wall. It's time to take a break from that. Until I figure it out, I decided to just keep it simple rather than awkwardly in transition.
And where the blessed dance;
Looking at the geographical locations, the place is located about 1600 meters above the sea level. The extensive tea plantations surrounding the mountains, the picture book towns, trekking facilities and the winding lanes of this place attracts large number of tourists not only from India but also from other parts of the world. The place is famous for its tea plantations and it is especially known as the tea town of the state.
Google estimates that as of August 2010, there were 129,864,880 books in existence. Which means that the total number of books that will be published in 2012 is more than 1/10 of all the books in existence. That is an unfathomable jump, a 500% increase in a single year. (That is correct, right? 3,000,000 times 500% = 15,000,000.) Unbelievable.
Overlook a space of flowers,
The attacks on the Constitutional Court are said by some legal experts to be a threat to the country’s democracy.
The guy that the late Molly Ivins called "Governor Goodhair" made a startling admission to the AP this past week: That he'd shot and killed a coyote while jogging last February. OK, that may not be big news in Texas but Perry admitted shooting the animal with his Ruger .380 semi-auto. That had a laser sight. And hollow point rounds. Like that other good-haired adventurer Indiana Jones, apparently the Governor is afraid of snakes.
7A. Panel: McLuhan in the Digital Age – TEL 150
Areas of uncertainty and subjective interpretation must be identified and bias must be checked to avoid the creation of assumptions. In a court of law, prosecutors must prove beyond a reasonable doubt that a crime occurred to get a conviction. In this analysis, generalized probabilities and if-then statements are sometimes used to account for possible scenarios regarding this case.
you can only save one picture & are limited in how much "paint" you can add to it, & you can't save the picture outside of the program. however, thanks to my handy-dandy mac feature that let's me do screen captures, i have several options to share with you.
We had dinner, and Captain America and the big boys had just connected to the “Battlefield” server. They played for a few minutes, when the power shut off.
07-Nero & The Gladiators - Tovaritch
She walked in beauty
a) critical point or meeting
For the past three seasons MCB dancer Amara Baptist of Sunland, CA, has danced the role of Clara in the ballet company’s annual productions of The Nutcracker at the Alex Theatre in Glendale. This year Baptist is prepared to surrender the crown she has worn as Clara to a new dancer.
﻿After taking this class you will have learned all of the basics of scrapbooking as well as some simple techniques such as inking, tearing, and using embellishments (and if you have no idea what any of those are then come take my class!). Everything will be provided for you; just bring yourself, two pictures, and a tape runner (which can be purchased at the store). I promise I don't bite! =)
I’d like to be ten again. I think it was when I watched Dalek in the first series that I first thought that. Watching that final scene where the mutant inside the machine realises the bigness of life and that it would have to stop being a Dalek to cope with it. But it realised that this conflicted with its prime motive in life: to be a soldier to advance the Dalek race. Big stuff done big.
Today, my son was bummed. He said that "A's" job hasn't' paid him back rent. The company that recently hired him hasn't paid anyone.A's family is beginning to call him a "loser". I'm sorry for how that must hurt A, but he is so lost. B has tried to get him into treatment, but A isn't ready.
Rather than pick one song as my Saturday "dash of happy" song, I have to pick the whole disc. I'm listening to it now, for the first of many times over the next couple of weeks.
My children got very excited when And Rocky Too dropped through the letterbox. Like me, they’d loved The Stephensons’ Rocket, Jayne Woodhouse’s first story about injured greyhound Rocky and the troubled family who, in taking him in, find themselves drawn back together.
Have a fantastic weekend!!!
Director:
The afternoon we finally made it down to the beach... wearing the most perfect stylestaker blouse, a big kudos to them for providing me with the ideal holiday wardrobe and eased my packing by 100 %. Flowy sheer pieces that take up to no room, but look oh so good on.
11 Feb 2012: University graduate Mohamed Abderrahmane Ould Bezeid allegedly set fire to himself outside the presidential palace in Nouakchott, but friends and family have cast doubts on the actual cause of the injuries which led to his death. Despite this, an inquiry was refused.
Three. Goddamn. Months.
In addition, on May 19 and May 20, Kim Junsu will kick off his solo concert tour in Seoul before moving on to Thailand and a total of six cities in Asia for his first Asia tour.
Timely Power – Washington is now 4-for-26 (15.4%) on the power play in the playoffs this spring. With four extra-man tallies in nine games, the Caps have certainly not been prolific in that department. But the four goals they’ve gotten have been big ones.
Wisconsin has four forms for filing individual income taxes. Form WI-Z is for filers who used the federal 1040EZ and are under the age of 65, have no active military duty, no interest from municipal, state or U.S. bonds, did not receive unemployment benefits, will not claim credits except for married couple credit, working family credit and rent paid. Form 1A is for filers who were Wisconsin residents all year, have no deductions for student loans, medical care insurance or IRA’s and do not claim itemized deductions or subject to penalties for early withdrawals from retirement funds or medical savings accounts. Form 1NPR is for filers who are out of the state for a time or a spouse was out of state for a time. Form 1 is for filers who don’t qualify for other forms and have adjustments or credits that cannot be taken on other forms.
Cody Nance has a bruised knee but is expected to compete the rest of the weekend.
I am the result of parents who took a lot of very intentional time to pour into my life. I praise God that is the case because until I was close to high school, when we got Steve as our youth pastor, I had a youth pastor who could have cared less about me.
Ethel at the Gordon Street home with "Nipper". I can only guess the date.
Personally, I love the smell, it's just a shame that it's another small perfume sample that you can get at a perfume counter for free...
in Brooklyn.
Some friends of mine are moving out of their first home.
It's long been known that Forest City Ratner was considering the Brooklyn Navy Yard for a factory to build modules for its prefab plan, but EVP MaryAnne Gilmartin, according to GlobeSt.com, says the Navy Yard is the place.
My followers almost doubled and a big thank you to all my new friends! I hope you chose to follow because you like what you read and not just because you felt sorry for me. I like having regular commenters, because I feel I get to know people a little and am happy to see them comment.
God in church
4. Set up a working group to create channels for Icelandic design in the future
…I had another therapy session today, and I had lots of good news to share with the therapist. Once again, she asked some really great questions that got me thinking and making connections. I know that as I uncover the deeper truths about my behaviors and beliefs I will be successful in my journey. This is the final piece of the puzzle that’s been missing for so long, and it’s why I’ve failed in my previous efforts to lose weight.
and when confronted with truth
I felt a little bit like Tori Spelling in this top. It's definitely more Bohemian than I typically dress. But, it's super comfy and perfect for this growing belly. It's OOOOOLD H&M that I have not been able to part with after all these years!
Halsteadarian Feature got cancelled, crowd funding didn’t work, so rewrote it as a web series, but life got in the way of my actors, so its back in development hell.
It's frustrating trying to save a nation.
Last Updated: 03-19-2010
My running has taken a back seat for the last few weeks, mainly because of work (a no go blog post-wise unfortunately) so racing is not on the agenda. However the late nights and long stints cooped up at a desk makes me value my runs more and I'm actually enjoying myself when I do get out. Never a bad thing and has helped me shake my "meh" mentality. ;)
“The Dunes, Snake!” Vern screamed. “The Dunes is on fire!”
with her broom, she swept the memories
soul shall be made fat: and he that watereth shall be watered also himself”
encouraging and listening and assisting... Because I Know My Boy and
If I was to choose my favourite word of the year that's about to finish it would be neither a neologism nor a slang term, but a quaint, short beauty I came across whilst reading The Road: "bivouac". It means "a military encampment made with tents or improvised shelters, usually without shelter or protection from enemy fire" and it encapsulates in its brief but complex spelling the tribulations that the two main characters in the book have to face on a regular basis.
After lunch Mum, Dad, me and the kids went out to Springvale Homestead. Actually not much to see out there really. It's a nice looking old homestead and there are good information boards around the place but the building has been turned into a dodgy cafe, and the cafe was not even open?? Not sure what the go is with it but it really ruins the feel of the place.
Empty netters aside, I defy you to find a person who can honestly admit, under penalty of perjury, that they have actually seen the puck cross the goal line into the net at full speed. You can't. That's because no one has seen this. It's the only major sport out there where they have to use a siren to let fans, refs, and players know that someone scored. Because if they didn't do that, NO ONE would know.
To be clear; Franklin County Ohio Common Pleas Court Judge David Cain has succinctly stated that the Ohio legislature has the
or some other trial, have I become hardened and stiff? Does my shell look the
All good points. Some other smart people at Resolve responded in defense of Roth. There’s a wide gap in interpretations, though, in that Resolve doesn’t read Roth as calling for U.S. Special Forces. Instead, Resolve reads Roth as calling for a more nuanced response to the LRA a la their report and recommendations from April.
But to emerge from your cocoon
For the geeks: Exeter founder John Phillips coined the phrase, "With great power comes great responsibility."
When an environmental disaster in progress becomes a media circus and danger to the community Pacific Mercy Charge Nurse Erin Quinn calls for reinforcements. What she gets is Fire Captain Scott McKenna, a handsome incident commander who insists on doing everything by the book -even when that means refusing Erin entry into her own E.R. Tempers flare and sparks fly as these two battle it out, each trying to do their version of the right thing.
1.Yuriorkis Gamboa vs Juan Manuel Lopez
If one week determines a pattern, it's going to be a good semester!
Q: How many UP students does it take to change a light bulb?
president, President Obama took office, some level of official
To say I’ve walked through this situation with complete peace would be a lie. I have heard The Lord tell me “Be still and know that I am God” Psalm 46:10, but hearing and doing are two different things.
As I may have mentioned before, I was STARVING (you would be too, if you’d done that much exercise in one day). Luckily they brought out a plate of corn bread. Oh sweet, moist (I hate dry corn bread), corn bread. It just melted in your mouth, perfectly void of those stupid kernels of corn. Who ever thought that was a good idea?? And I’m not saying it was some of the best corn bread ever b/c I was so hungry, it truly was!!
Ill do something boyfriend related for example a survey or etc periodically and you guys can join in too! Cuz i wanna know moooore! Nosy, remember?
I know I should write a blog post but really I can't find the words these past few weeks. Every time I sit down to write the things I think I will write about the word just aren't coming together.
The second problem is more serious and to the point of the present discussion. Psychological predicates, as I argued at length in Chapter Two, are not predicated of brains or nervous systems but of whole persons. This goes for consciousness every bit as much as it does for intentionality. Brains no more feel or sense things than they think about or imagine things. Persons think and feel. Asserting this does not exclude me from the club of materialists in any way.
I left the office with a bag full of goodies, and a smile on my face. My liver was good. So what is today, February 15th? I guess I can only get drunk 2 more times this year because I celebrated Friday night!
Until this past week. I have a liar in my fourth grade class. He lies about everything and I catch him every time. A known liar knows another liar when she sees one.
HERRIDGE: In a radio interview with FOX, former CIA Director Michael Hayden said there is no question the CIA program including waterboarding laid the foundation for bin Laden’s capture.
"Ummm~ I'm just telling you~ Um, Grammie, Rosie Bumps and Bruises, my LaLa Loopsie doll, she's gonna have a sleep over with you at your house tomorrow~ So I have a list for her, and I hope everything's gonna be fine~ She's never had a sleep over before, but it might be pretty fine~
I was invited to a friend's BBQ party, but forgot to think of what to take with.
As an overview, note that Habermas’s methodology falls far short of the basics of performing meta-analysis in the social sciences and would not, for example, pass peer review in a secular academic journal. Wikipedia nicely summarizes some of the basics required for a formal meta-analysis. Habermas’s approach is really closer to a simple literature review, whereby the author summarizes the current state of the relevant research in their field to give the reader a “one-stop-shopping” kind of approach. (Lit reviews are great, but they don’t establish facts, which is Habermas’s goal.)
Assistant Frozen Food Manager Jan. 2009-June 2010
I still had to add what seemed another 15 minutes before I got served in this busy bar, better stocked with Belgian beers than all other places I have seen in Britain so far. But then the fun could finally start- as there are some real gems on the menu, beers that are difficult to get across even in Belgium.
My goodness!
Mr. Chang: If you had asked your questions in August, very few people would have been thinking about the failure of the Communist Party, but now people are actually starting to talk about it, because signs of erosion in the system are unmistakable. Why has it not been part of the discussion? Because on Sept. 10, 2001, people weren’t thinking about al-Qaeda flying planes into American buildings, although al-Qaeda had for five years been attacking American interests around the world, including the World Trade Center. Tell me why Americans are blind.
Stores are selling out of GPS devices, sump pumps and related materials. The animals are being evacuated from Dakota Zoo, with zoos from North and South Dakota taking in the creatures. This is by no means easy. As one person put it, you can't just load a zoo animal onto a cattle truck. And of course, it's not just homes but many businesses which will be affected if the entire south side floods. Both cities are sure to see disruptions for months to come.
Hymns: Music sung in church to invite the proper spirit and to wake people up (this is called the “rest hymn”).
COULD NOT SLEEP.
I had just finished praying and as I was pouring a cup of coffee to sit and enjoy my quiet time of the day, my phone went off. My friend Tim called. He and I have shared faith as we walked through sobriety. I gave him a Bible and some books about God’s grace. He asked me for 5,000 bibles to be given away at something called Gospel Fest. I replied without thinking. “Five loafs and two fish.” I have ten in my closest to start with…Good morning Beautiful…
For First Amendment Rights,
Business people experiment all the time. They usually don’t know what people will value any more than you or I. They are following their hunches, observing and trying things to find something people value.
He scares Michelle half to death, then asks her(with a terrible stutter, just like his character in One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest) if she ran out of gas. No Numbnuts, she's there because she wants a booty call. While filling her tank, he glances into the backseat of her car, and looks pretty damned upset. He runs back into the gas station, disappears for a moment, then rushes back out again. He tells Michelle that the credit card company is on the phone, and that they want to talk to her.
Did you notice the killer death grip she had on that bag of chips? She carried that bag around for the whole 1 1/2 hours we were there. To quote Joey from Friends, "Ellie doesn't share food!"
All my love, baby girl!
Post-finals will still be hectic. I might be able to relax for a hot second on Tuesday night, but there is so much to do and get done before Friday.
So, how did that all manifest, here, on Sweet Mother? Well, when I say that I wanted to attract a certain kind of person, here, I never sat down and created a list of traits that would make up my perfect reader. That’s not it at all. It’s that I always wrote with a specific intention. I do not like the “darker” side of the internet – the side that harasses children (and adults) with abusive and trolling comments, hate speech, and a “gain followers at all costs” sort of mentality. I DO believe you can be mind-blowingly funny while also “doing no harm.” Maybe because Wifesy is a doctor for little furry things that I’m such a lover of the hippocratic oath – “do no harm.” I think I have learned to internalize that as a strategy for all my internet presences. That doesn’t mean I’m never scathing. I like to scathe (can I say that?) when it’s justified. There are many people who should be both scathed and then filleted. Am I someone who should judge who and when? Yes. At least in this space, Oh Lord, YEEES.
No second thoughts (at first). I am pumped. So, I hit the cookbooks, the internet, in search of the "Oh, so perfect gingerbread house recipe" (*Please note, there is a difference in gingerbread cookies, gingerbread, and gingerbread house recipes, much, much difference in consistency between the three, I may have to earmark that for a later post!)
You will shatter all watery crystal barriers,
Grilled Tilapia ingredients:
It’s probably my traditional upbringing, where my dad went out to earn the money and my mom stayed home to run a smooth, highly functioning household and do her creative work on the side, that makes me feel like having to play both roles myself is somehow too much.
Banner should be a conflicted hero, as should most of Marvel’s characters. But Marvel’s writers seem to interpret ”conflicted” as “massive, irredeemable douchebag.” This was after all, was the company that in their Civil War arc decided that heroism meant that Tony Stark should become a fascist dictator of the Marvel Universe, imprisoning people in an unstable dimension without due process or access to lawyers. Read Civil War again, Marvel advocates fascism as heroism, while Captain America who fights for fundamental American values is made to look like the asshole, especially in the Frontline tie-ins.
When they finished it they all had gigantic grins on their faces and all the hard work - writing the script, teaching them the words, directing, choreographing, organising, meeting with parents, rehearsing, costuming, face painting ..... well it was all worth it.
Today, it's back to making those Christmas cards for the Merry Monday challenge. Lesley from over at Always Playing With Paper threw out this very simple sketch this week.
The not-so-straightforward story so far: Eisold spends much of the 2000s getting in the van with spazzed-out US hardcorers American Nightmare and Some Girls, none other than Fall Out Boy infamously half-inching a bunch of his lyrics along the way. Which past aural exhibits do little to unravel Cold Cave, wherein Eisold reboots influences from Scott Walker and the androgynous end of 1990s Britpop into distinctive darkwave pop.
Happy writing and blogging, oh and Valentine's Day too!
I read the other day that Lady Gaga had passed Oprah as the top money maker. "Lady", my Aunt Sally's bum. The photo showed her grasping her personal parts while making some gesture with the other hand. The expression on her face would have curdled goat's milk. Singing about serial killing, wearing meat dresses, she has yet to display any sense of decency about anything. Yet our society has made her wealthy. Young girls want to be her. She is the darling of the media,hell even Oprah loves her.
The SeaWolves are a member of the Northwest Division of the PDL, the highest level of amateur soccer in the United States. Their 16-game season begins May 20 at Fraser Valley. They play eight home games in June at Edmonds Stadium, beginning with a June 1 match against Washington Crossfire.
35Because he says in another Psalm, You will not let your Holy One see destruction.
Now as he heads into his fourth season of operation, John says people are still a little astonished when they find out they can learn to kayak right here in the southwest.
Accessories: 1/16 Dimensionals, Kaiser Pearls
Extra pen stylus
AlterNet asked the NRC if it is concerned about the vulnerability of the spent fuel at Fukushima Daiichi and what, if anything, it had expressed to the Japanese government and Tepco on the matter.
By about 11, though, I knew I was going to give in. I worked for this; I deserved this; I was damned-well gonna enjoy this. I bought a pack of Marlboro Black, feverishly ripped open the cellophane, ruthlessly tore out the golden paper and ripped out a fag. I looked at it, held it to my lips and, already, began thinking of the thick, slick flow of warm smoke that would gently caress my throat as it wound its merry way into my sadistically grateful lungs. I lit up. I sucked. I inhaled. Veni, vidi, vici.
For Christ’s resurrection was never meant to be a secret—and especially not from you! It is good news! And those confused, fearful disciples of Jesus were transformed by it, and went to the ends of the earth to tell others. In Christ’s resurrection is victory; in him is life. Test it and see that this truth is real. “Do not be unbelieving, but believe.”
It may look like they’re partners, but really, they’re pushing against each other. As hard as they can. And the question I have to ask myself is, which side am I pushing for? Right now, in this moment? Even when?
b) adequately substantiated;
Also, Andy was more subtle than the nun had been, or at least story telling techniques had been refined somewhat in the two decades since she had told her story. Unlike in the Holy sister's Budapest fantasy, which limited investigation, even in a pre-internet age could disprove, Andy did not suggest that the dismembering of live Africans took place in a public square, or was openly sanctioned by the Apartheid government, however, he assured us that it was happening daily behind closed doors in prisons across South Africa.
Out upon the wharfs they came,
I just checked in with Krog and Draz’Zilb at Brackenwall Village, and things seem to be lining up on a couple fronts. For one, everything we learned from Skarr seems to check out. Draz’Zilb seems pretty knowledgeable on this kind of creepy black magic type stuff, and according to him it would make sense that C’thun’s chamber in Ahn’Qiraj would be an ideal place to pull off a resurrection once they have the phylactery. From what he said (if I remember this right – there was a whole lot of hocus-pocus necro-babble), since Cho’gall tried to revive C’thun in that chamber, and actually let himself become an avatar for C’thun at one point, the surrounding area should be attuned to his essence in a way that will help focus the incantation. Apparently that’s the trade-off for this kind of ritual – restoring somebody’s spirit from a non-living vessel doesn’t take a whole lot of magical energy, but it does need something attuned to that particular spirit in order to focus the spell properly, as opposed to living vessels, which I guess actually keep the essence better preserved but require an immense amount of power to unlock. So considering the Twilight ties in Silithus, this lines up pretty ideally for them.
Don't get me wrong, I love talking about the weather with you... actually. You didn't get me wrong. It's more boring than the chitchat I had with my dentist about why her gear gets clogged. (Have you ever wished someone would give you knock out gas more?)
In the end, Drago is defeated and likely faces death/torture/material dispossession/stern frowning at the hands of his government.
Q: Expand, please, on these sentences from an interview with you: Accident or not, Lehane has kept a firm hand on the professional aspects of his writing as well as the creative, understanding as he does the reverberations that a small thing can have on an entire career. "Where you enter the ladder," says Lehane in relation to a writing career, "I think, indicates how far you're going up it."
We are all potential terrorists
“Son of a bitch!” I yelled loud enough to draw the attention of all the good commuters over at the gas pumps. Feeling tired from working all night and utterly disgusted over the fact that something once offered free as a courtesy now cost twice money as I had on hand I almost decided to put on the spare tire and be done with it until I remembered my new KIA Rio does not come with one.
Whatever you choose for us, whatever you desire
Some insist in trying to balance a budget solely by reductions in social programs, cutting funds to job creating public works and cutting funding for paying teachers, social servers that are now employed and social services.
Amidst a devouring smog of fatal gloom, he created,
After that we walked across the Quarter to have dinner on Frenchment St at the Praline Connection, a little soul food restaurant. The food was fantastic and the popular dishes were Red Beans & Rice (well, it was Monday!) and fried chicken with a side of Mac & Chees. It was a great place to eat and pretty reasonably priced too. I appreciated the refills on the sweet tea! I myself enjoyed the Seafood Combination, oysters, crawfish and crab. yum!
We went in and there were holes in the floor with nothing but night sky filling them. A floating giant head that mumbled and spit acid at Creskin. It popped when I planted a bullet between its eyes. Don was fascinated by the doors. He was looking through one door and could see the back of us. He kept doing it. Never seen a man so interested in looking at his own ass before.
birthed by my Lord,
End word count: 51, 381
Enough to say that Gil learns a lot more about himself and what he can do to improve his writing and his life in the process of his nostalgic psychological journey.
I know my kids are healing, and trusting more. I know they consider that ladder I have for them more often, than completely rejecting it. I can’t imagine how desperately vulnerable it has to be for them to even consider letting go of what has kept them alive.
Several different sets of Arduinian treasure cards were published. I have several more sets, which accompanied the dungeon adventures published by Hargrave. If there is any interest, i'm happy to reproduce them here on my blog, for review and educational purposes.
I have to admit, that I had seen this man climb over the past year or so in a nearby community to where he is, had been curious about dancing with him even though I thought him rather stuck on himself, but after this crude and rather cruel display, I no longer had any interest in dancing with him ever. I am sure he will never ask me, so I will never have the pleasure of saying No, Thank you. Who knows, perhaps he will go far now that he calls himself a teacher, but I know 7 women whose thoughts of him turned very dark one night, and I am guessing that none of us will ever take class with him, or give encouragement to others to take class with him. It just strikes me as a less than intelligent choice to mock those whom you feel are less than you, and are also your potential target group for teaching.
at the Vintage Chicks Spring Fair.
2/2/1983 to 6/16/2011
I can't say enough good things about Flora ( our dinner spot) I love the food, the cocktails, and the vibe of the place. I have blogged about it before, but each time we go, I have something different and equally as amazing as the last. The cocktail pictured above has an interesting name, it is called, "The corps reviver #2." I looked to see if there was a #1, but as far as I could tell, it wasn't on the menu. It is very much a reviver of sorts I suppose :) Caitlin and I had this one.
September 14 DC 9 - Washington, DC
Proving I am dim.
Are you kidding me ?
The example of Paul Klee is but one example of how artists lead us to look at life in different ways and to consider new possibilities through the art they create. This is one of the great gifts of creative freedom.
But, bizarrely, journalists often believe what they read in tabloid newspapers, so this story about the vile rape scene in a hardcore porn movie (which is wasn’t) quickly spread across the world, sometimes using the same words the original News of the World had used.
3. The soap operas
The veteriniary $pecialist thinks that my cat Patsy has bone cancer in her shoulder. He says that there is a pretty good survival rate for the type of cancer he thinks she has - about 80%, actually.
EAST RAND: Department of Education hastily backtracks on a letter to schools on “Apartheid genocide”.
“Rosicrucian Principles and Scientific Discoveries” The Rosicrucian movement declared itself openly in Europe under that name in the early 1600s, a time when the rate of scientific experimentation and progress was rapidly increasing. Alchemy and medieval science had always been a component of the Rosicrucian Tradition, and several figures associated with Rosicrucian philosophy, such as Robert Fludd, Francis Bacon, and Isaac Newton were in the forefront of scientific progress. The present study explores some notable Rosicrucian principles and modern scientific thought and research that now support them, including the mind-body link, the interaction between consciousness and matter, and the theory of reincarnation.
I was surfing the Internet the other day and ran across a glowing review of a new eBook offering over at PCSecrets.com. The review was so good, I started to doubt the reviewer was legit, but the premise of the guide was too good to ignore.
Steve is doing well, though, so yay for him!
Sari- His willingness and ability to help with math
So-called "calvinistic" Baptists or "particular" Baptists are unconfessional and essentially Anabaptist since they place as much emphasis on personal revelations and leadings of the "spirit" as they do on Scripture. Basically, Baptists have more in common with Pentecostals than with Presbyterians or Anglican Reformed believers. Any emphasis on "believers" baptism is an outright denial of unconditional election since this ignores the fact that God elects prior to the foundation of the world, not at the moment someone receives Christ by faith. Credo-baptism has more in common with decisional conversion or the altar call conversion of Charles Finney than with the paedo-baptism taught by the foreshadow of infant circumcision in the Old Testament. The overemphasis on individual conversion ignores that God works through the church as His normative appointed instrument or means of saving His elect. The OT church was the nation of Israel and the NT church was established at the day of Pentecost and the outpouring of the Holy Spirit. (Acts 2:1-4; 38-39).
I didn’t move. I wanted to stay planted at the goat’s milk display. There was something too pushy in her pitch and it turned me off instinctually. I didn’t want any part of it. But, Joe stepped right up.
Pokertracker Video 2
At the end of the tour, Nipper said they were standing in the small courtyard between the classrooms and the modular buildings that make up the school. Oh...yeah...where do you think we are, New England? For $16k, you get a smaller class size, maybe p.e., perhaps art of foreign language, in a school that is usually located in an abandoned public school, or worse an old office building. "But OH LOOK AT OUR PHILOSOPHY!" So they are standing around talking, and the 5th and 6th graders are having their "recess" in this squalid courtyard. One of the parents on the tour asked the director what is their "conflict resolution system"? The dingy director prevaricated briefly, which is shocking, because these things are usually so ingrained in their spiel, it's like they are DYING for you to ask. Then said, they didn't really have one (gasp), as their kids are really good kids, and they don't have incidents often enough to warrant a whole system.
I'm so proud of my Nick and Alicia and I can't wait to watch Cayden grow up!
I colored the image with copics. The lace die is by MFT. I cut two of them and put them together and attached the ribbon in the middle. I made the flowers, ferns and leaves using Martha Stewart punches. The sentiment was computer generated using PSE, and then layered using the round and scalloped dies by Spellbinders.
Readers are in with a sporting chance of having a Raphael Maklouf lurking in a pocket / handbag. It is the portrait of Mrs Battenberg Saxe Coburg Gotha where she only looks 30 years younger than her then current age, rather than the prior 50 or the current 20.
FHA was originated to serve the moderate to lower income individuals who do not have the necessary means for the standard down payment requirements of conventional lending. This has changed in a big way since the mortgage meltdown and FHA raised the maximum loan amounts so that more borrowers were able to get this financing. All borrowers now want less down payment, more flexible seller contributions (which has recently change to be like conventional) and flexible sources of funds for down payment and reserves. This came about due to the economy and the conventional fall out for the past three years and this is now why FHA is starting to change the rules and regulations as they have default rates to consider also.
Mardi Gras is acknowledged for several main themes or templates, which include face masks, drops, crowns, jesters, plus much more. Doing all of the royal exciting through bringing that in order to where you live is as just because putting any Mardi Gras Celebration. Along with, cheap Wedding invitations Mardi Gra is only a mouse click away should you use the internet for the type along with your party design.
The biggest issue is with the nose hole itself. This is covered in the rules and is allowed for the purposes of driver cooling. This being worded into the nose cone regulations for 2009 to prevent Ferrari style slotted noses. We know the nose hole is used to blow the front wing for several reasons. Firstly Mercedes do have the nose hole, but rarely use it, instead the duct moulded into the access panels atop the chassis are normally used for driver cooling. Most of the time the nose hole is sealed up with clear tape.
One Week in the Death of Britain
What inspired you to pick up the guitar?
Good for you, Hilary.
The scene that made a mark on me was Pi‘s encounter with the leaders of the religions he’s practicing simultaneously: Christianity, Hinduism, and Islam. Imagine him being so busy every week so he can practice his beliefs in all three! He did not understand why he has to choose only one. after all, he says, “i just want to love God!”. So true.
I leave the church and join the Essex Way to continue across parkland then along a track flanked by majestic oak trees. At the gate lodge, I turn right onto a winding lane bordered by blackthorn undermined by extensive rabbit warrens. Then, off the road, and through a flat landscape of grassland and fields of wheat splashed with bright red poppies. At Aldercar, the path leads downhill into woodland which as the name suggests comprises alder trees growing in a wetland valley bottom, bisected by a gently trickling stream. Beneath the trees, lush green ferns and sedges, purple foxgloves and yellow buttercups flourish in the damp soil. Once over the railway, the path heads uphill, sharing buttercup-gilded timber-fenced paddocks with grazing horses and their foals.
As Steele wrote, “Mr. Obama’s extraordinary dash to the forefront of American politics is less a measure of the man than of the hunger in white America for racial innocence.” And, “For whites, here is the opportunity to document their deliverance from the shames of their forbearers.”
68. A phenomenon which I have often noticed.
Marvelous Russian authors are noted for their very real portrayals of the lives of their fellow citizens. Alexander Pushkin, Fyodor Dostoyevsky, and Leo Tolstoy are among the nation’s best-known writers. Stage plays by Anton Chekhov are gripping and true-to-life. Writer Alexsandr Solzhenitsyn won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1970 for describing his life in a prison camp twenty years earlier. He had protested against the Communist system and was sent to Siberia for his beliefs.
When I ordered a tunic from Wet Seal, it came with an elastic and faux leather belt. The belt was cute, but too big and I couldn’t do my usual cutting trick since the elastic was sewn to the rest of the belt. I came up with another solution:
take an inventory of neither the household’s contents, nor any damage to
The beer engines weren't actually operating (someone had screwed up getting the breathers there), but there were seven firkins pouring, and I got stuck right into some Dogfish Head 75 Minute IPA, poured by Sam Calagione. Sam's been consulting on the beer program, and since is such a big deal for beer in Delaware, that's no surprise. The beer scene in Wilmington has been an on-again off-again proposition for years (except for Iron Hill on the riverside, and the excellent Washington Street Alehouse), and Delaware and area brewers would love to see this city in Philly's backyard pick up the pace.
“Does my bum look big in this, GB?” she asked coyly.
Then I need to give up this walk/run malarky because real runners only use fartlek in training. Once they’ve lengthened the run interval (because in fartlek, apparently, you start off with short distances and gradually lengthen them – not do set speed sections like I thought!) they don’t need to walk anymore. Real runners never walk.
Complete Description:
You are now free to blow smoke up some queer's ass and go straight to hell where you belong - right next to the heterosexual hating feminist queers as well.
Arugula-Strawberry Salad with Fried Shallots
'Shame' and 'honor,' then, are the only things that count? Ever?
Pig: (snort snort through the nose)
“What am I going to do with you?” he asks playfully. “One day you’ll tumble over the edge of that cliff and then what will I do? I’m afraid your father would be very angry with me for not saving the mare.” I cock my head and stick out my tongue.
I think this is where I’ve been having issues when it comes to finding someone to settle down with. I’m so independent & self-sufficient; I really don’t NEED a man. So, that quote really made me think: what qualities does my future husband need that I can’t do??
All too soon it was over and I went outside, put on my tour jacket and slowly cooled down as we chatted to friends. It was a great evening. Both bands sounded great and the hundred or so people who packed into this tiny club had an evening to remember.
Toss in the pineapple chunks. Heat for 4-5 minutes on high heat.
As long as number 2 stays a factor in season 3 then WD will be 1.
Now, I would love to say I left this all behind in high school. However, this pattern continued during my college years with Garrett and Zac, while Fred, to this day, ignores me during the holidays that we both spend at our parent’s houses, across the street, but miles apart.
Since his 1999 capital murder conviction, Balentine has eluded two execution dates after state and federal judges have stayed his executions, according to Texas Department of Criminal Justice records. Most recently, the U.S. Supreme Court declined last month to hear his appeal and lifted the stay.
I'm link # 258. There's lots of good stuff to see... check it out!
The challenge is now open to everyone whether they use a KD image or not. However, only those using KD images will be entered to win the Top Card of the Week prize. So now there is NO excuse not to join us!!!!
My hair is fabulous.
I was so thrilled to have my block chosen to be a part of Quiltmaker's 100 blocks volume 5 magazine edition. So exciting! Today is my day of the blog tour - be sure to check out the tour for the chance to win a copy of the magazine. You will have your chance to win 1 of 3 copies here, so read on!
Further Suggested Reading:
Games still bulk $50-60, but now there are a lot added of them, and a lot added options in the types of games. A lot of amateur today boilerplate out at about ten hours, accord or yield a few, and a triple-A titles could calmly absorb twenty hours of your added time, or more. An RPG adeptness be accomplished in 60 hours if you're lucky. Some games, in authentic amateur by developers BioWare and Bethesda, avowal over one hundred hours of attainable apple gameplay.
I put the cover on last night. I went for simple on the cover. I had three panels of marbleized silk and I wanted to showcase them. Here is the front:
Additonally, transgenderism has nothing to do with sexual orientation.
I have one spot left on the top row, two on the second row and eleven more total. Whoever gets them first gets them!
Sprinkle over some brown sugar
The dock is huge and cement, and is the best place to get a suntan.
Now they must learn from one another,
the willed walls of a marriage.
+ SICK DJ’S
Thirdly, many of the earliest arguments levelled against American media/cultural imperialism (dating back to the 1960s and 1970s) frequently ignored how international audiences responded to, or appropriated, American media content. Since the late 1970s and early 1980s, this academic oversight has been substantially redressed through the emergence of cultural studies (particularly as practised and popularised in the UK) as an academic discipline. Yet while cultural studies has paid considerable attention to national and international audience responses to popular music, television and cinema, practitioners in this field have historically shown comparatively less interest in popular print culture – such as magazines, paperback novels, fan publications, or comic books – and their readerships. While this trend has undergone a welcome, albeit gradual reversal, studies of comic-book reading practices, and of comic-book readers and collectors, remain relatively few (There does, however, seem to be more activity in this area concerning the reception of Japanese manga and anime, and its regional Asian equivalents, amongst Western audiences). This study of international fan communities of The Phantom will, I hope, add new insights to current academic thinking and knowledge about comic books and their audiences.
The light was glistening on her wet skin where water beaded and fell in haphazard rivulets down the dark contours of her body, like condensation on a chilled beer glass. She stood up, placed her hand on her hip and looked at him, challengingly. Still, she stayed still. He felt quite heady under the power of her undaunted gaze. Against this female energy, this independence and will, he tried to assimilate the timeless beauty of her perfect form with the prejudices against her ancient profession. She was beautiful, perfect, classic, and she defied him to say otherwise. She defied him to judge, to say it made a difference, as if anything he could say or think would ever make a difference.
(Watch out for her new album, which she’s about to record in Italy; it’s going to be a good one).
I wouldn't use my blog to raise money, normally, but the people who read it are just uniformly nice. I thought you'd like an opportunity to help. Thanks guys!
If you're like me, your love of the macabre started early. It's hard to pinpoint exactly when I turned to the dark side, but one thing certainly brought the ghastly home: Madballs.
Tonight ... I'm really glad I did ... 'cause it was sooo good!
When was the last time you told your daughter, she looked great? Or your wife? Or your mom? Makes me feel great when I hear it and I almost certainly smile.
2.Florists wire-You can make 2 flowers with just one standard sized florist wire which is available in the Indian market. My favorite color is silver as it lets the light reflected from the crystal shine so well.
This would mean that an average 49% of the three constitutional bodies say spending cuts while 51% want higher taxes. This would translate to $590.891 billion in spending cuts and $615.009 billion in new taxes (in annual terms). If you do the math, that would result in $3.138109 trillion revenue and $3.138109 trillion spending - a balanced budget.
This February Edinburgh Unesco City of Literature's One city- One book reading campaign was Carry a Poem 2010. See City of Literature. There were all kinds of poems and reading some of these made me think about how concise a poem can be yet how it often forces you to create the rest of the picture in your head.
He will do it for all those who will step out in faith and say yes to adoption.
I look forward to seeing your creations.
And that austerity is the fault of government – for they have created the inflation, they have increased the taxes, they have made the jobs more expensive. What they haven’t done is cut their own spending.
Where was I? Oh, yes. Joss Whedon, you jerkwad, how dare you kill Tara. Her character was about the only bright spot in the post-graduation episodes! No, wait, that's not it. Ah. I know.
“When the baby grows up, people find they cannot look after it anymore as its behaviour will change a lot. That’s how some of our monkeys have ended up here.”
Ok, that's my rant. Thanks for listening. Let me know what shows you like or dislike and why.
Hoagy Carmichael was a master song-writer. His 1930 composition “Up a Lazy River” became a jazz standard. Louis Armstrong’s live take on it soars above the hundreds of covers of this song. Here Louis and His All-Stars work their magic at the 1958 Newport Jazz Festival. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVMTwxLY7b4&feature=fvst
In another row within the vegetable garden, I'll sow zinnias, cosmos, and sunflowers to add color, attract bees and butterflies, and provide cut flowers.
To those of you/us using Blogger as your blogging platform,
I LOVE all the papers in this gorgeous glitter paper pad called A Walk in the Garden. For this card, the scene was set, so all I had to do was pop in the image and the butterflies! Not every paper has a scene, but there are several and the coordinating papers are so pretty!!!
Thank you for your prompt response to my mail. I must assure you that this transaction is 100% risk free to you before and after it is been completed. All I require from you is your maximum co-operation to enable this transaction sail through,the total amount is 19MILLION united state dollar.
Thursday: Although the day directly before Friday I didn’t pay much attention to the fact that I hadn’t devised a genius plan for the weekend. Instead, I was focusing on a doctors appointment - I hate the doctors. Actually ’hate’ is a very strong word. Doctors are people I don’t know, who touch me, get real close and know all my personal details. I get awfully uncomfortable seeing them outside of the medical centre, it’s like seeing two cows perform ‘the mating ritual’ – uncommonly awkward, but you can’t help but stare. It is just a common myth that animals do not have sex for pleasure, or alternatively that humans, pigs (and perhaps dolphins and one or two species of primate) are the only species which do. Science cannot conclusively say at present what animals do and do not find pleasurable. Interesting fact.
Sainsbury's stocks the smooth peanut butter, they have lots of different flavours (cinnamon raisin swirl! dark chocolate dreams!) so I am hoping they get more popular here and start stocking more.
There IS such a thing as coincidence and social milieus. I'm not about to attempt to prove it, mathematically or such... but the world is small and the world is huge. In the grand scheme of things, this blog is a cliche. So be it.
d. The Avengers
Oh showed off his relationship and said, “The unchanging and loyal friend. We learned to dance from Yunho because we were not so great at it.”
I feel like if I was a better person, I'd make my own cleaning products, mod-podge, marshmallows, and cook dinner every night from scratch, while whipping up a wreath for every season/holiday and making my own cards and gifts (specifically body scrubs and bath salts).
We are still able to include her in family gatherings,
So today we celebrate the Equinox with a Hindu holiday called Nyepi. It’s basically a day of purification when Hindus (and anyone living in Bali) may not use any technology AT ALL. Everything shuts down. No traffic, no pedestrians, no home appliances, no TeeVee, and no one leaves the house. The Hindus spend outrageous amounts of money on something called ogoh-ogoh. These are elaborate constructs designed to entice and trap various spirits that ‘pollute’ the realm of the living throughout the rest of the year. Folks place them in front of their homes and groups get together and erect huge ones in public areas.
On this occasion, we thank the world, we thank the world community for their great contribution to the anti-apartheid struggle. Without your support, our struggle could not have reached this advanced stage.
Starting this month, the "Burnet Flea" expanded to the second and last Sunday of each month from 7am-4pm. They only had 4-5 vendors out there today, but I'm betting this market could really blow up once the weather cools down. It seems like a natural draw with the teeming brunch crowd next door.
1-1/2 cups all-purpose flour
One of the most robust criticisms of Marx is that, despite his predictions, society has yet to be shaken by a popular revolution against the capitalist system, and a global class revolt doesn’t seem to be in the works any time soon, either. Why? Clearly because of the jogging and fitness craze which first germinated back in the 1970s and is in full bloom today. Although they may comprise a small percent of the population, I’d have to say the reason we’re all still waiting for fulfillment of that utopian promise is due to runners and joggers. No matter how dreary the day job is, they are still by and large happily united with their labor at least a few times each week. As a result, things never quite reach the boiling point necessary for a real gloves-off revolution. We could try to usher in a communist era by getting rid of running and runners completely, but that seems impractical and, well, a bit hostile. Perhaps, had he lived in a different age, Marx would have been a physical trainer or a P.E. major, and the social upheaval he envisioned would have come not from one massive thrust, but millions of individuals discovering this: run, and become your own revolution.
Duration: 45 mins
I was a little bit gutted that the email telling me about the Marks and Spencer sale came in yesterday and I didn't actually see it until this morning, how very annoying especially being as Little Man is in need of new summer pyjamas and underwear and I was hoping to pick up a bargain rather than having to pay out Boden prices (even though I love their pyjamas) but sadly there was nothing left in his size, so I decided to have a browse through the womenswear section as it would have been rude not to!
These are the pictures I have collect.
I would watch her, after every note spoken, take her black ball-tip pen and cross out the note. That cross equaled a release. The instruction given was no longer on her shoulders, it was officially passed off onto someone else.
Hopefully I'll squeeze in another post before I hop on my plane on Monday. I'm actually getting pretty nervous now. I don't mind flying but I've never caught a plane on my own, let alone a connecting flight! Off to pack...
This information will be in the FAQs on the new site, but here’s our new strategy in a nutshell:
Or, in her case, sleep-fall. Down the stairs of their two-story home.
Next up a Rachel Allen Recipe….they would have been good to use as missiles in a Mediaevel battle recreation.
- In a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat butter and sugar until light and fluffy.
I am not happy with myself at all and I have been bitten by Karma, LOL!
by Susanna Reich (Author) and Amy Bates (Illustrator)
3. Nothing beats an old black & white movie and a margarita pizza.
by Fiona Robyn
Oh my............ Satan is good at what he does!
And remember what Marilyn used to say : We are all stars and we deserve to twinkle.
-always use reusable bags. Hubby got great cotton bags from work. UK supermarkets offer loyalty points for reusing bags
200g biscuits (cookies) such as Graham crackers, Digestives or Hobnobs
If you ever step on to Temple’s campus during a school year weekday, you would understand. Deliciousness permeates the air, then lassoes you up and reels you in. Together with Temple’s outside areas like the bell tower and Liacouras walk, the food trucks create Temple’s kitchen table; a great place where people gather to talk, eat, relax, and just hang out. They’re also an aspect of Temple that’s just as easily accessible to commuter students as they are students who live on campus. From tacos to tofu to TastyKakes, Temple University’s cuisine culture has almost everything you could want—and a few things you didn’t know you did.
though hearing, they do not hear or understand.”
Those who are following along in my AB class know I use gesso as a covering for AB pages as well as a glue. Here I did both! I was very lucky to find the right magazine image for the spread.
“What! What nonsense!” the shift manager, Mr. Gallstable, spluttered. His tremendous mustache shook. “Tigers are black and orange with proper tails and teeth and claws. Make this machine make them properly, or you shall lose your job.”
Anywho, we’ll see how my trip to the UPS store goes. Hoping for minimal judgement. Here’s hoping real hard.
BHO recorded repressed memories, Dreams From My Father, of astronauts observed from an isolation chamber from a successful NASA Apollo splash down that couldn’t have taken place at Hickman Air Force Base in Hawaii.[75] NASA’s Apollo Pacific Ocean splashdowns began in December 1968 (Apollo 8),[76] a year after Obama moved to Jakarta, Indonesia with SAD1.
Winning Design Star and getting my own TV show is an incredible new job, a job that was 10 steps ahead of what I was doing before, an unbelievable promotion in every way, but just a job.
Even now I’m craving the crap in my car.
Did not appear until he was seven, finishing fourth in a chase at Newcastle on debut for Paul Murphy in January
Really serious.
As always, follow me on Pinterest to see my color of the month (and months past) and all of the fabulous things I find all month. I even have a purple cocktail planned for this Friday! Hooray!
I pulled this image out of my pile of 'already stamped' stuff and I think it is an art impressions, but I can't be totally sure. Of course I coloured him with copics, but used LOTS of pencils for shading.
Hope you enjoyed. Thanks for taking time out of your day to stop by. Comments are always extremely appreciate especially if you are inspired by what you see.
In reality, it was 3 abnormal areas, with the potential to possibly develop into something worse given time. And removal was what was suggested. And I agreed.
She said the deceased arrived in South Africa on Wednesday to be with his son, who had turned 18 on Thursday.
*At the office.*
64Shone sweetly lambent with celestial day.
After deciding to do Project 366, I've been doing fairly well. I did miss a few days while I was so sick, but then one of my BFF's sent me some pictures she had taken those days so that I would have a complete set! Thanks, Connie!
I don’t know if I want to extend this or make the time faster but right now I want to sustain it for a while!
With that said, I will leave the blog-nation for now - I think this is going to be fun (and addictive).
Matured first in bourbon, then refill bourbon and finally in sherry casks. On the nose, a very soft aroma of corn with honey and vanilla essences coming through later. The palate enjoys dried fruit balanced out with a soft spice that drives into a warm honey after-taste.
I’m writing this in the hope that others will hear him.
Don't forget that entries close this Sunday for the Noritake Freebie Friday competition. Simply add your comment and you could win a 20-piece Marc Newson by Noritake dinner set worth $595. Enter now!
recounting the stories he hears, as learning them is “what interested him most in life: the need to look ceaselessly in to the deepest part of the human soul. The multitude of nameless beings he encountered rarely possessed souls worth exploring, but Adrien knew how to find them, and by chance he occasionally came upon them.”
Oh, my bad, her name’s Xion…but she is a transgender (ha hah!)
Don’t get me wrong here, I’m not suggesting we should all go round tooled up with blades, ready to stab each other at a moment’s notice. I’m using Millar’s words here because Millar was a truly brave man. He volunteered to parachute into Nazi-controlled France and who accepted the fact that each day might be his last. But the bully… he’s less than nothing. The kind of stuff I wipe off my shoe before going indoors. “Hard men”? I shit ‘em.
3) You have one week to complete the challenge and it will close Sunday evening. The winner will be announced at the same time the new challenge post comes up...so be sure to check back EVERY Monday to see if you are a winner!
a bar of soap (a nice big bar, not one of those little ones you souvenired from your last stay in a hotel)
Sometimes when i drink my tea the aroma makes me fly away to a beautiful summerday.
No, this is not the first time I have seen a TV or used a computer.
Me: No, it doesn’t make sense because you said you are dating others in the meantime.
In my opinion, there comes a time when a president, CEO, or leader, needs to stop asking and start telling the way they would like the team to run.
I get to be with people who make me feel good about myself. I wish it could be that way for everyone.
so ok this time my nailart is also my fangirling time xDDDD
Thanks, Darlene, for keeping us on task with this!
You will go on (breathe out)
I chided myself only in the nicest way of course. It wasn't an anxiety attack. I wasn't foaming at the mouth with guilt, regret, self-hatred. I could see it shimmering on the horizon though, could almost taste its metal shine. I would confess to you if it were an anxiety attack. Instead I'll be honest: it was a consti-fucking-pation attack.
So Prahlāda Mahārāja says, iti puṁsārpitā viṣṇau bhaktiś cen nava-lakṣaṇā. All these items means hearing. Hearing about Viṣṇu, chanting about Kṛṣṇa, giving everything to Viṣṇu, offering prayers to Viṣṇu, offering arcana, temple worship, Viṣṇu. In this way Prahlāda Mahārāja summarizes that “Anyone who is doing like this, everything about Viṣṇu…” iti puṁsārpitā viṣṇau bhaktiś cen nava-lakṣaṇā, “this nine kinds of different devotional services,” kriyeta bhagavatay addhā, “directly to the Supreme Personality of Godhead,” tan manye ‘dhītam uttamam, “I think he is the best learned man in the world. He is the most learned.” Tan manye ‘dhītam. “He has studied everything very nicely.” Actually, that is the fact. Jñāna, knowledge Knowledge means to know Kṛṣṇa, God, and the Vedic injunction is, yasmin vijñāte sarvam evaṁ vijñātaṁ bhavanti. If you understand the Supreme Lord, then you understand everything. You haven’t got to study differently different subject matters. Just like we sometimes talk of science, of astronomy, economics, politics. We talk sometimes. But we are not going to, or we didn’t study all the subject matter separately. But in course of our studying Kṛṣṇa consciousness, we know something of everything. So Prahlāda Mahārāja says, tan manye adhītam uttamam: “One who is engaged in these nine kinds of devotional services directly…” So Prahlāda Mahārāja recommends, kriyeta bhagavaty addhā tan manye ‘dhītam uttamam.
Japanese firm edward suzuki architecture has just completed ‘house on the bluff’, a residence with an attached studio office in the yamate district of yokohama, japan. The dwelling’s name derives from its positioning upon a bluff to present commanding views of the seaport city to inhabitants. The off-white exterior is an aesthetic taken from the existing, surrounding homes while intermittent bands of wooden louvers add visual warmth and privacy for the japanese room.
While trying to take in the huge range of colours, I suddenly spotted this muted scene - a simple facade with monochromatic windows closed against the tropical heat and humidity, flanked by the dark foliage of a large tree. The simplicity of it all had to be captured, right?
1. Your job is to show up at the page and write.
Jasmine is Tunisia's national flower. I don't know who first started calling the uprising in Tunisia the Jasmine Revolution, but it must have gained the nickname after the violence in Tunis finally subsided on Wednesday. Someone at the top decided something needed to change. The police maintained a line blocking the Ministry of Interior building, but allowed the protesters to protest. The mood lifted, like a flower suddenly blossoming.
2. You know what really sucks? When you used to talk to your BFF every day, before and after school and at lunch and even in the hallway randomly throughout the day. And then you move. And you can't even manage a phone call. I am in serious need of a John Deere Mom fix. If you don't read her, you should. I can guarantee that she'll be posting more in just a few short weeks. Not that teachers look forward to summer AT ALL (coughcough)!
And....... (*drum roll, please!*)........ta-dah!
unprincipled rich out-of-touch jerk which
Not only is her bartering project genius, but I also love her approach to life and how she challenges the idea that our day jobs are what determines who we are. It is so inspiring to see someone who places an emphasis on our lives beyond the 9-5 grind, because let's be honest, not everyone can survive as freelance artists/bloggers/consultants and for most, taking on a full-time job is a necessity at some point. Having graduated earlier this year and now properly in the workforce, it has taken me a while to get into the habit of setting aside time for things outside of work. People like Malin remind me to take that time - to go running, take a dance class, cook a new dish, read a book (thanks for all your suggestions in the last post!), start a new project.
Read more: Henrique Oliveira’s Powerful Recycled Wood “Tridimensional” Sculptures Burst Through Gallery Walls Henrique Oliveira – Inhabitat – Green Design Will Save the World. This info was brought to you from inhabitant.com
This Tip & Trick is the easiest of the easy. And IHeart 3M Command Hooks because they are simple to install, and remove, leaving no permanent effect to any wall or surface that they lived on.
It seems like a strikingly old fashioned idea if you’ve been wading through “modern” ‘theoretical’ versions of literary criticism. The idea that literature has something to say about human anything seems dodgy…and yet Brooks’ latest book “The Enigma of Identity” inhabits “that desired place” and does it very convincingly.
Okay maybe I'm being a tad anal here, after all The Small Faces were pretty much one hit wonders here in the States ("Itchycoo Park") and since obviously the folks at the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame are complete fucktwits (oh b.t.w they've also nominated The Red Hot Chili Peppers as well, just to give you an idea of which orfice they've been keeping their heads in when they're not using them for you know, thinking). Okay so both bands shared the same bassist, keyboardist and drummer, but that's about it. Steve Marriott lead vocals and lead guitar and Rod Stewart lead vocals and Ron Wood lead guitar, BIG difference. Two different sounds. You can draw comparisons this way, below is a Small Faces video and then a Faces video:
Smallwood’s Homer, like use of a nonlinear plot, is well-suited to the story since Lily’s journey is rather like trying to piece together a jigsaw puzzle.
We only know the last sad squires rode slowly towards the sea,
the mood of everyone within
Flair’s rebuttal? “Hey, I am talking to you good-looking”.
Now most of the Mets sources I've read indicate that Thole had a disappointing season, and I too admit that I had higher hopes for him. However, he did show a bit of promise. I think he is worth starting again next season. I don't expect McCann numbers from him, but I think he can be as good as Jason Kendall was in his prime. His upside comes from the potential for a high batting average (.280 against Righties last year) and OBP (.349 against righties). Now obviously he'd have to improve on last year's numbers, but those numbers are a good start and his K/BB ratio is solid. The big question is whether a platoon is necessary with him, and it might be (though he only has 74 MLB ABs against in his career so it is hard to say). However, the Mets also have youngster Mike Nickeas that could offer that right handed complimentary hitter to Thole. Anyway, I picked this up because I still have hopes for Thole and did not think his 2011 season was that terrible. Plus, maybe the lefty friendly new dimensions at Citi Field next year net him another HR or two and he is only 24.
DO YOU HAVE ANY ADVICE FOR ASPIRlNG ENTREPRENEURS WHO WANT TO DO SOMETHlNG IN THE SAME VEIN AS TOMS?
Hopefully you know the feel of your handles and will be able to guess which are the correct implements. Whatever you do, make sure you don’t put anything plastic on the heat. Otherwise not only will you damage said plastic object and the cooker, it will also leave an unholy caustic burning smell.
Me: (still smiling) it’s the word we use to say it goes around the sun.
Fast forward to the next morning and Chris leaving before us (never happens) and automatically setting the alarm out of habit. Nick bounding down the stairs because he's getting to watch his show before Peri. Nick scurrying back up the stairs as the alarm goes off, caused by motion detector at bottom of stairs. Nick and Peri wide-eyed and running around upstairs while I yell down "Chris? You got it?" Me finally getting that he's not down there and getting the alarm off. Alarm company calling to see if there are any problems and asking for our "codeword". Sigh. It's 7am, I got two scared kids, can't figure out where my husband is and you want a code word? I give her two options. She says she can only take one. Thank god I picked the right one, or we could have had some extra drama before work!
Can we not woo back old delights?
Ken, the rent is now 12 days past due, as per the rental agreement, I will be adding a $25 late fee, which is now due! You cannot deduct anything from the rent without approval from me. You called me late friday evening and I had a licensed contractor out to repair the toilet first thing the next morning. You are not authorized to make ANY repairs to the apartment without my permission. The contractor also stated that the only way the toilet could have broke is if something very heavy fell against it, so I could charge you for the new toilet and repairs!
Instead, I invite you to focus on one area of your life where you tend to spend your way to a solution. Brainstorm about different ways to get there that involve spending little, if any, money.
Of course, from what I can tell she started with a junior petite version. I should be so lucky…
The actors and actresses were all excellent! We absolutely LOVED watching this! The biggest plus for the books I think over the movie is that in the movie, we don't really know Katniss's thoughts like we do in the book, but the movie is great! If you want a peek, here is the link to the Official Hunger Games Movie Trailer. We of course look forward to seeing the next movie of this series based on Catching Fire.
The first is the Agatha Christie Reading Challenge. I've been thinking about it for a year, as I follow my friend Kerrie's reading of Christie novels. I figure it will take me years to read all of Christie's novels, but I have to start somewhere, right? You can join the challenge, too, at Kerrie's site.
Only the wealthy few have had income growth in the last 30 years.
Iván Meade - What project are you most proud of?
It seems that this year I have really come into my own. I have truly stood up for myself and the things that I believe in and as a result have once again let people go from my life or have improved relationships with others. Doesn't that seem odd as a 39 year old mom of 3 I am just now coming into my own? I have finally had the courage to speak publicly about my sister. I think my biggest fear dates back to 15 years ago when my parents and I went to a Compassionate Friends convention and I was asked to read a poem I had written for my sister to everyone at the convention. I pretty much cried thru the entire poem. My emotions were very raw as it had only been 5 years since Meg had died. My fear with speaking was that I did not want people to see a weak side of me. But, I have realized that is what makes my experience so real and maybe something that some people can't handle or don't want to be a part of.
On Monday, I woke up and realized that I desperately needed to mail a few things. I got my packages ready, bundled up the kids, and drove to the post office. When I pulled into the empty parking lot, I was baffled. The post office is closed? On February 15th? What holiday is on February 15th? I didn't realize that is was Presidents Day until later that morning.
Later on Remnick gets to ask the man himself the same question. He writes that “Solzhenitsyn looked down at the table and thought this over awhile,” and that was something I noted he did in the documentary I watched. He would pause for the longest of times—on the first occasion I thought my TV had frozen and then he blinked—but the following has to be a most considered response:
Comedy Central’s Indecision is a television segment turned blog that covers politics and elections, not without humor of course. Their latest post conveniently relates to the subject matter of this blog (which is hipsters, in case you’ve forgotten because I haven’t mentioned them enough). Comedian Jordan Carlos thinks that the GOP candidates should try to get hipsters on their side: “Young men these days love to sport the handlebar mustaches their great great granddads used to wear. But why stop there?! Why not rock great great grandad’s political views, as well?!” Hipsters as a demographic? It’s interesting that this article, even though it is an ironic one, acknowledges hipsters as a recognizable and target-able force in voting process. Not just teens or young adults, but “hipster kids.” It made me realize that a lot of industries have been to target hipsters if they know that hipsters would be interested in their product. Examples to follow…
Well i rose to the challenge and fell to earth with a bump. I tried my best but this was the best i came up with. I think they are awful my no 1 son thinks they are cool and my oh said it's alright. lol
From your pleasures fair and fine!
The “Sarawak Report” has in-depth investigative reports and detailed exposé to show that the relegation of democracy to a form of governance merely allowing the people to participate in electoral exercise serves the interests of the Barisan Nasional leaders, their family members and their cronies.
20. Nite Klub
When they reach the County Court Building, Mr. Popper is waiting for them. They're 10 minutes late. Mr. Lawrence is appalled by the sight of William's friends coming out to greet them, while Mr. Popper, bemused, shakes some of their hands. William embraces Jane.
Pervious hop selections were made using the judgement of the researchers but using modern scientific techniques the collection is now being analysed more systematically and the brewing characteristics analysed.
Contrary to what the liberal left Tory/Labour/Lib-Dem/UKIP-ECHR allege, the native people of the British Isles are a distinct, identifiable and homogeneous indigenous people who have every right to exist and be free from invasion and domination — like any other indigenous people on earth.
Set yourself clear targets. For example, complete the next two parts of your essay plan (see below), then take a five minute break.
Besides, I've worked really hard on this blog and I figure now is the best time to try to get to know some of you that would possibly want to get to know me, too.
Tomorrow I will work out……
-fragrance-free
Local American consulate officials were invited to the Halloween party, an all-American date, at the mansion of a young Saudi prince in Jeddah. The prince’s name was omitted from the document, as the diplomats themselves acknowledge that their names should be withheld. The only clue is that this Prince belongs to the Al Thunayan huge family.
The once was wonderful, now regrettably closed, Subiaco Pavilion Markets on the corner of Rokeby and Roberts Rds.
Check out my haul:
As the next lady entered the waters with her husband, she gave a sweet testimony of how she was raised in the church and always throught her testimony was ordinary, but recently God has revealed how his grace is never ordinary. One thing I love about our church is that each one is baptized by someone who has lead them in their walk with the Lord. As the husband took his wife by the hand, I was overwhelmed by the picture of our Great Bridegroom who leads us to the waters from wherever we have been.
1 part pineapple juice
If the signs and lords don’t feel especially Indian or Vedic to you, and sound more like universal metaphysics, that’s because you are perceptive. They are universal metaphysics. If, for whatever reason, you really want to dive into the “Vedic” roots of “Vedic Astrology” you should dive into understanding the symbolic mythology of the 27 stars. That alone will take you on a grand tour of the Puranas (a huge portion of “Vedic” literature). And you must also explore the interpretive effects of tithi and tithi-var-nakshatra yogas.
new challenge on Thursday, March 8th!
These last 2 weeks, between them, my dearest mates and my utterly fabulous sister have had me cry with laughter and love, soooo many times… through the hilarity and drama we all seem to be continuously steeped in :)
Years after
To be honest, I'm not much on fashion, but I still thought that was a fun touch.
2. Click on the Twitter for the five hostesses and follow each of them on Twitter. We will follow you back.
Is the fame of a dead man's deeds."
Two bunnies snuggle together framed by blue forget-me-nots on a pastel blue background, with the words "Happy Easter!" underneath. This is a beautiful Victorian era fine art image now in the public domain.
King Charles I had his final night of freedom in a pub here (ironically, it was called the King’s Head, but – presumably out of respect and deference after the event – they changed it now to the Saracen’s Head); Lord Byron lived here (just before the Bramley was first grown…); and thousands of nameless impoverished folk eked out a living in the Workhouse, which sits virtually unchanged on the edge of town: a pretty sight on a sunny, spring day in March 2012, but probably rather a different prospect when it was built in the 1820s…
To all my new Jedi Followers: Thanks so much for following! I'll get to following back as soon as I can :)
Let it sit in the pan for a few minutes before unmoulding - leave on a wire rack to cool completely.
You're still figuring out your place in the world and how you want your life to shape up.
Clearly Grosvenor has not been looking at two many other competitors. Quite why any author would pay any author solution company for a website facility at this price is entirely beyond me. These services are available from network providers at a fraction of this price and with user-friendly software tools. Grosvenor and their authors who have taken up this ‘offer’ should bear in mind that authors are not getting a publisher’s book page or a publisher with their own on line bookstore.
This week has been slow going, mainly because I'm hand quilting, FINALLY, the Tiggly Winks quilt.
Name: Tetsuya Bessho
This is called Key Person Disability Insurance. The key person at work, directing the productivity of the physical components of the business, leads to the venture’s success. The key person, disabled and ineffective, leads to the venture’s failure. Statistically, disability is the most likely peril that will negatively affect the venture (Acts of Nature — 1/1250 vs. Dis-ability — 1/30).
I used a few "sweet" new products from the Occasions Mini Catalog. The Designer Series Paper is from the "Sweet Shop" collection. I love the colors. There's also a set of Designer Stickers that matches that are awesome too. I used Peach Parfait card stock for the base of the card and embossed the back with the Perfect Polka Dots embossing folder. The Peach Parfait heart is embossed using the new "P.S. I Love You" stamp set and white embossing powder. I used the same technique on the smaller hearts that are cut from Wisteria Wonder, Lucky Limeade and Pool Party card stock. The hearts are cut using one of the coolest new tools that Stampin' Up! just debuted. They are exclusive SU! designs and they rock my socks. These are from a set called the Framelits "Hearts Collection". I can't believe all the creative possibilities with these little guys!
Okay, maybe it's not that bad, but it sometimes seems like this is what is going on. I'm sure you can think of some examples of what I'm talking about.
Smaller differences
Why are there so many infertile couples all over the place?
-Tim A. Blankenship
Hello my friends, I hope you are all enjoying the weekend, today I'm back with a Christmas card for the Jingle Belles challenge, they have teamed up with E.A.D. Designs and are asking us to use stickers or rub-ons. I don't have many stickers so thought I may have had to use rub-ons but when I looked I had got a couple of sheets of Christmas stickers.
Beat.
“The greater the power, the more dangerous the abuse.”
Creation must be in the genes....... I have been looking through my pictures on my camera and deleting some for essential space you know how it is, new year clean everything lol. Look at what I found this little gem in amongst all the junk and countless photos of fingers (I think Josh had been playing with my SD card in his camera lol) I had forgotten to post about this as it was a sore subject of homework at the time. This is Joshua's World War II project,his prized anderson shelter and garden (yes that is a bit of conifer for his tree.He raided some of his dads bits from his modelling collection and tore up a piece of card to get the corrigated sheets he even made little sleeping bags to go inside as the beds we're too big.
Hey?! Did they do a track called that yet?………..
And leaking forever
Women's Day says "Begin with the area that's motivated you to declutter in the first place". That for me is the pile of toys in the basement. I had made up a wonderful toy room for Connor, and moved all the toys to the basement (except books and a few board games). You can see the transformation here.
Bill Carney was kind enough to answer my interview questions.
The summer night is like a perfection of thought.
Save the Boobies: Charity Bar Crawl – 8:00 p.m.
Classification of hop varieties is complicated by the fact that hops were often sold on the basis of where they were grown, as East Kent Goldings still are today irrespective of which Golding variety they are.
There is another level but I’m not quite ready for that yet; this is where you can pitch to the Agent, Peter Cox. I don’t plan to pitch to any agent until I finish the book – and then I’ll want to research and discover which agents cover the material I’m writing. Roll on the day I can type THE END on the first novel to get there!
He kissed her forehead and softly said,” My bride tonight I am your Bridegroom ” and began to remove his clothes.
.it jus makes me feel love....feel romantic.....bring warmth ,sunshine..... (a heart heart warmth ,not climatic warmth) into my sweet joyful day......
I have to say I am a very BIG fan of Nell. I am also a very big fan of Kim Jongwan’s whispering type of voice. With a somehow similar feeling like when you listen to Lee Sora, Kim Jongwan will leave a very strong impression every time people listen to his voice.
Dinner plate - Bordallo Pinheiro
Right from the days as little girls (me and my sister) till the date my sis got married and I moved to Finland, we have stayed completely over protected, right under the shadow of dad, hardly did we know what the world was. Our world used to revolve around, mum, dad, school and college. We still are quite tightly knitted family. Never did we have the feeling of want nor any desire since it was already there for us when it has to be. No we weren't spoiled but they thought us where our limits should be. Moving far from them has been a challenging but a beautiful learning experience.
1 : A Negative Work Environment
Xinhua.
We crossed the Stari Most to Coppersmiths’ Street (Kujundziluk). Lined with vendors selling souvenirs made by local artists and coppersmiths, many items portrayed the Old Bridge. We visited several of the little shops. One of the coppersmiths we spoke with asked where we were from and then proudly told us he had a daughter who lives in the United States.We bought a few souvenirs for ourselves and family (later, we would see all the same kinds of souvenirs in Istanbul (read about the trip here).
with the new Collective Bargaining Agreement signed by MLB and it's players, a few new things have come up on our baseball landscape.
You can follow American Museum of Natural History on Twitter at @AMNH for more info on the museum, upcoming events and also future tweetups. The photo exhibition, Picturing Science: Museum Scientists and Imaging Technologies, opened June 25, 2011 and ends June 24, 2012. It is free with museum admission and opens daily.
Freefall is a mixture of romance, drama and coming of age. There are several intense scenes filled with unadulterated emotion but the underlying messages run deep and strike the reader quickly and strongly. Despite these scenes, the majority of the book really is humorous. Much of this comes from Seth. Scott has nailed the male narrative, bringing Seth to life in fantastic ways. His logic is so simple and logical it’s funny. The things he says, the thoughts he has, and the reasons he does things build his personality in a great way. He slips the reader into his mind easily from the start, and through Scott’s writing and his narrative, the reader is often left feeling confused and shocked. His emotions are raw and unstoppable, his screw ups huge and frustrating, and his comebacks gratifying.
This spellbinding debut, reminiscent of Memoirs of a Geisha, depicts—with chilling accuracy—life behind North Korea’s iron curtain. But for Gi and Il-sun, forced into the underworld of human trafficking, their captivity outside North Korea is far crueler than the tight control of their “Dear Leader.” Tenderhearted Gi, just on the verge of womanhood, is consigned to a fate that threatens not only her body but her mind. How she and Il-sun endure, how they find a path to healing, is what drives this absorbing and exquisite novel—from an exciting young Algonquin discovery—to its perfectly imagined conclusion.Visit Brandon W. Jones's website.
It is great projects which includes upgrades, installations and wireless networking, and I am loving every minute of it!
Another use is when inserting sleeves, use the awl to feed the extra fullness of the sleeve to the armhole to avoid puckering.To do this the sleeve has to be on top,and the armscye on the bottom against the feed dog.
Tonight... my children, who go to bed relatively easily on most nights (probably because our summertime schedule is exhausting) had issues. Tonight, Mark wondered if he could stay up and keep me company. The answer is, "No, Mommy is very tired and wants to relax and be alone." Translated into "No, Mommy is very tired and wants to watch The Real Housewives of New Jersey that she has recorded since Daddy is way above such trivial nonsensical television viewing." Zachary's comforter was in Mark's room downstairs, so I tried to pull off a switch-a-roo and put a crocheted blanket his Auntie Sarah had given him when he was born to cover him. He was NOT amused and cried "But, Mommy, it has holes in it!" So I threw a sheet on him and said I'd bring up his comforter. Ben, he sobbed, because "I want a sheet that isn't cut!!" Do you want to venture a guess into why his sheet might be cut? Because he cut it with scissors. And yet, it warranted huge tears and breathless sobbing. Make a note, that Eric had no issues, other than requesting an extra hug. He's so, so big and wonderful!
He said i did not expect this- so cute Ariane, you never cease to surprise me!
Tomorrow, Saturday on Lincoln Place between New York and Brooklyn Avenues at 1:00 PM, the street where Benny lived and was killed will have his name added to it in his honor, and to demonstrate that good remains despite those who try to disrupt and destroy.
I searched and searched for the perfect baskets to fit the changing table… There are baskets sold everywhere, but they were either to small or too big…or not tall enough or deep enough. If I found ones that I liked, there wasn’t four identical!! Finally I found these as A.C. Moore. They were a little pricey, but I had to get them… not only were they the perfect size, they matched the color of the nursery chair exactly!
Rather, the “benefits” of membership are mainly domestic: aligning national economic policies with the WTO regime sets up the basis for improved economic efficiency and attracts companies eager to invest in these countries, not because of their market size, but to export to the neighbouring region.
(cue loud scrabbling sound coming from inside the wall)
These ladies crack me up and I thought she might get a kick out of it — and it may remind her of our group of friends and how we laugh together (although never in swimsuits and heels!).
That, like a moorish Shylock, exacts its spoonful of flesh.
Right, must fly, have to do housework and I really must wipe Sian's bum too.
They reel'd, they set, they cross'd, they cleekit,
Totally tabs w Great $8.00SOLD
Commentary.
If a cougar attacks, fight back! Many people have survived cougar attacks by fighting back with anything, including rocks, sticks, bare fists, and fishing poles.
Performers include Patti Labelle, Jeffrey Osborne, George Duke, The O’Jays, Kool & The Gang, War, The Spinners, Jody Watley, Harold Melvin’s Blue Notes, Russell Thompkins Jr. & The New Stylistics, Cuba Gooding Sr. & The Main Ingredient, Gerald Alston of The Manhattans and The Intruders.
Most importantly, the report shows the "green" building standards do not pay for themselves in any reasonable time frame. Examining two "green" schools, JLARC notes the payback time ranged from 27 to 30 years. Even this is generous for two reasons.
And then there were the Army Days. Three days I was there. The first with high school students, the other two just driving up and down from parking lot to military base. It was busy. There were too many cyclists on the road (it was only a small country lane), there were literally too many bumps in the road (they looooooved speed bumps in that village). Fortunately there were enough buses so people never really had to wait for more than a minute or so. The weather more or less held out as well, which was good.
Not many independent reports come out of Yemen, and this was a chance to see a deeper, more human side to a place at the heart of so much turmoil.
WORMS!!!!
Bounce your way to the moon,
We've talked of the beautiful sleaze contained in a soft sell.
And that's why I need your help. I need your recommendations for medium-to-short, highly readable fictions that are still rich enough in ideas, characterization, and writing style to be worth the time.
But they cannot imitate creativity.
Pieces in Set 1
Then maybe we will leave goose bumps to their real use–telling us when to put on a coat.
The World is fast erupting into merciless violence. Few of us gets surprised about riots in the streets. Every minute, somewhere on Earth “peace activists” and Police battling it out. Some still pay attention when the media reports on fresh mass murders or slaughter of innocent children.
4. Powerless – Nelly Furtado
Here is possible.
Ink: Memento
Volunteer as an Active Travel Champion for Sustrans and we’ll provide you with all the training, resources and support you need to inspire people to be more active, whether you want to volunteer within your workplace, community or school.
Celeriac also known as 'celery root', used raw or cooked. It has a tough, furrowed, outer surface which is usually sliced off before use because it is too rough to peel. Celeriac has a celery flavour, and is often used as a flavouring in soups and stews; it can also be used on its own, usually mashed, or used in casseroles, gratins and baked dishes.
Things that are going through my mind atm….
The incident has caused outrage in the Chinese student community across the country and Xuan’s initial post was re-tweeted more than 10,000 times. Thousands of Chinese students have expressed their disgust online.
________________________________________________________________
Tomson Highway
Drew makes sure to throw in a lot of elements that make Dungeons and Dragons what it is. This includes evil life draining swords, a strange fierce enemy for Corin to battle, several groups that have their own unique leaders, one with a powerful mage, another with a Beholder, and the use of another magical creature, in this case, a Medusa, almost as a weapon of mass destruction. The utility of these setting bits, not setting bits to the Forgotten Realms, but to Dungeons and Dragons, gives the book a homely feel. If you can bring the elements that mean Dungeons and Dragons to your group, and those will vary from group to group, then you're doing your job right.
Perhaps your organization has its own legends, a senior leader who started her career as a secretary or a project manager who launched a product that changed your industry. As a new manager, this is an ideal time for you to reach out to those people and learn from them directly.
Brush detangling can be the most damaging to the hair strand if not used correctly. If possible, avoid using brushes altogether. It may be required, for instance, while preparing to flat iron your hair, add rollers or flexi rods, or if you want to get that slick down look. In such cases, be very careful. If there is a need for a brush, it is suggested that one with plastic bristles be used for detangling. This is what is referred to as a modified denim brush, a plastic-bristle brush where every other row is removed to make the spaces wider or use a soft bristle brush for slicking down those edges.
flying back home tonight. cab at 3am.
encountering the NOVA
My husband had blissfully finished his phone call unaware of even how to text someone and completely happy with his archaic dinosaur of a phone so, what was I stressing over?
Thus the two of us ended up standing in front of the mirror set into the Victorian hall stand, both lifting our fringes and grinning into the mirror trying to see where our wrinkles were and comparing them! What a lark! We were laughing so hard we probably developed more wrinkles just by doing so.
I know this probably only just sneaks in as a ‘craft brew’ as the success of the LC brand makes it seem more than a small player in the beer market but whichever way you look at it, this IS a pilsner. The aroma tells you straight away that this is elevated above the lager or premium crowd with its’ fresh mown hay kind of smell and the smoothness of the mouthfeel sings of a well made beer. Easy drinking but with a bitterness that pops in and grabs the sides of your tongue on the way through, this one is earthy and real. Could stand up well to a fuller flavoured roast or complement a rich, homestyle stew.
Egyptian Expert on Islamic Law Malika Zarrar Blasts Fatwas Permitting “Shameful” Sexual Practices
“Soon,” I repeated, my breath catching on the word.
There are only two things that would have made Cee Lo Green's grammy performance better. The first is if his backing band would have been Doctor Teeth and the Electric Mayhem instead of a generic muppet band and if she would have left the lyrics alone.
But it’s gonna be sad for me
Through your heart and lungs
I have always had a passion for cooking and being in the kitchen, but recently I’ve found that I much rather bake. The way I see it, cooking is more of a science while baking is more of an art., and let’s face if science was never my strong suite. Of course cooking has its artistic qualities (for all you chefs out there) but there is just something about baking that seems freer to me. You never know what you will find when you begin to make something new and what ideas can expand from this. More on that later, I forgot we were talking about me, I’m a 20 year old college student at the University of Colorado. That being said, I don’t always have time to bake a fantastically marvelous cake so I’m always looking for ways to get a quick sweet fix without paying ridiculously priced good… Let’s see what adventure we get out of this!
butter it
Pours a nice amber with a tan head, and there must be some carbonation left because it's loosely filtered with particulates that rise to the top and then sink again. Smells nice. Very grassy, and slightly sweet.
Donkey Kong Country 3 (GBA)
Have a look.
How easy it could have been
family willing to watch whiney + sick babies is wonderful.
I am happy: more far more often than I am sad.
Atyllah? Yo, Atyllah! Where are you, quirky chicken? I just dropped by to tell you that I tagged you for a quirky little meme, and I hope you'll do it for me. I'd like to know you better. Your assignment, if you choose to do it, can be found here:
One aspect of my PPE that some of the older attendees at recent classes have commented on is my practice of wearing high-quality knee pads when I am going to do anything even remotely physically demanding in training (for me, this means even square range work, since it will invariably end up including something like the "D Drill" or some "run-and-gun" work, where I invariably end up diving onto my knees). I have knees as bad as anyone's, and far more damaged than most people's. I've torn both ACLs, as well as the meniscus, patellar tendon, and MCL in my right knee, and fractured the patella in my left. I cannot afford further injury in either knee if it can be avoided, if I intend to remain physically active and pull my own weight in the coming struggles. If you have knee problems (or even if you don't and want to avoid them), invest in high-quality knee pads and wear them when you train!
Which powder foundations have you tried and loved?
Iván Meade – What has been your favourite tartan find?
Akazawa M, Sindelar JL, Paltiel AD. Economic costs of influenza-related work absenteeism. Value Health 2003; 6: 107-115.
Used to be I knew all about computers. I knew how big they were and all the software. I could have written manuals for the Mac. Alas that time is long past and now I feel like a hundred year old spinster bringing her dog to the computer repair store, but not her computer. I really hate computers.
First, open an image to which you want to add text. Choose the horizontal text tool from the toolbar and click the image near to where you want to position your text. Type in the text you would like to add. You can also add the more traditional style enhancements such as bold, italics or underline to your text while in text mode.
with the twin heart’s bend.
I can't remember where I saw this last one, totally love it (yes, I do love the paranormal aspect).
These days the Stag looks much like it probably did in the nineties, and quite modern inside. There was a strong influence (both olfactorily and as advertised) on food, and there were plenty of people sat in the conservatory enjoying a spot of lunch. It was quite warm inside, which is good when you are eating, but after my walk I decided I wanted to enjoy my beer outside. The range of 3 real ales was Courage Directors, something national, and Thornbridge Wild Swan. I had the swan, and this proved to be an interesting choice - I usually only see it in Thornbridge pubs where their range inevitably draws me to something a little stronger, so I rarely have it. Sat outside in the fresh air this was a very drinkable well kept pint which I devoured quickly.
And yet the fight continues. A conversation with friends who live in the 7th and 8th criticized a recent exhibit on the Commune at the Hotel de Ville as being predictably skewed towards the revolutionaries, the mayor of Paris being after all a Socialist. In the 20th, the mairie sanctioned creation of a mural celebrating the anniversary. (To fully appreciate this mural, click on the picture below and it will enlarge.)
Put into prepared casserole, loosely covering with foil to keep it from burning.
Moving from the rationality of faith they tackle the claim that faith and science are at odds. From the world of science they move on to defend the high possibility of miracles and summarize their claim by saying, “In short, the possibility of miracles depends upon the existence of God. If God exists, miracles are possible (p. 46).” Issues of origins are discussed in terms of the origins of the universe and human life as well as the Christian answer as to why the universe is just right for life. When God is cited by Christians as the original source of all things atheists always bite back with the question, “But who made God!?” To this classic question the authors rightly respond by saying, “The claim is not that everything has a cause. Rather, everything that begins to exist has a cause (p. 78).”
A strange unheard of thing occurred
What we all want more of is time, time to concentrate on "just writing" and that's why writers' retreats are so popular. You go somewhere remote and rural, without a phone signal, and divest yourself of all the things that aren't writing. You even have surrogate wives to cook for you. But it costs; it's a rare treat.
proving by experience that
Peeking on street style is one of the most fun parts during fashion week.
Now, to the well-balanced mind, such ideologies should be avoided like the plague, but the liberal/left appear to have embraced them both. The European Union is run by Communist manqués and they are utilising Europe’s new Nazi Party, Islam, to further their dream of absolute power.
Hey y’all.
and of course we have to have Penguins for Joe.
Most every horse owner fancies themselves as being a horse trainer and unless they are wanting to do something specialized, most feel there can't be too much to training. Just watching a few shows of the horse fare on TV will make some feel they can go out there and do it themselves. It really doesn't work that way. Modern folk, unless they can devote all day every day working with many different horses, don't have the time, experience or judgement to make a decision as to how to proceed with a horse or even know when a horse has learned and can move on to the next step.
I can think of two reasons. First, unless God is almighty, He may not be the proper person to hear our confession. Second, if God is not almighty, His mercy may prove ineffectual to pardon and cleanse us.
Overall, I was uninspired by most of what I saw in theaters, with the exception of some 2007 holdovers that I didn’t get a chance to see until the start of the new year. Here’s a shortlist of some of my favorite films watched in 2008, in alphabetical order –
Corbett National Park India is a fabulous wildlife reserve in India. In fact it is one of the biggest tiger reserves in Asia. The giganticness of the park is backed by a wide gamut of flora of fauna. Tourists across the world throng this national park to experience the best proximity to mother nature. And the best thing about Jim Corbett National Park is that everyone can visit here without compromising with budget. There are many tour operators on web and in almost every major city of the country that provide tour packages for Jim Corbett National Park. It’s pertinent to mention here that reviewing all the available tour packages prior to tour is very important. This will help you shape your vacation in the best possible way. By reviewing tour packages you can customize your vacation and avail loads of advantages.
Steven Gerrard
Use rejection letters as talismans or as wallpaper, believe they give you strength.
Colossians 1:18 (NIV): “And He is the head of the body, the church; He is the beginning and the firstborn from among the dead, so that in everything He might have the supremacy.”
MEA CULPA follows one angels quest to save his best friend.
Darkness, and worms, and shrouds, and sepulchres.
mv file1 file2 moves (or renames) file1 to file2
Speakers: Joe Burkett, Cafco Construction Management, and Tom Emison, Eide Bailly LLP
So far, they have done background checks on the first nine and have reported that none of them have connections to terrorist organizations or drug cartels, which was a major concern at the beginning of the scandal since they had access to the Secret Service agent’s hotel rooms.
Me: "Yes, you look like a stud."
Building Footprint : 25% of land area
d.a. garabedian
Let’s not make this mistake again following 2010. Instead, let’s use the lessons of psychology to fight smarter instead.
It’s been a few days since I’ve written. There just hasn’t been time. I’m always trying to balance working out, time with Dean, studying, and blogging with my free time. I tend to fluctuate from one to the other in regards to what my primary focus is on. This week it’s been more studying and residency stuff, so the blogging was put on the backburner.
Or listened to the rain
OMGosh is this lady full of talent she fits in the ALL the categories I listed above. Take a stroll over and visit her and her amazing home!
In the LAN of your family,
The least of which is ‘why?’
Timothy Aaron Haviland, 41, Oceanside, N.Y.
I really enjoy reading other's blogs. I get so much good information and enjoyment out of reading about people's lives! I guess I'm kind of a voyeur like that. I like to blog myself, but there are times when I really have nothing to say!!
Today is: Being a ray of sunshine day. Even if the world is raining on my parade.
Explain to them also that there are billionaires, and tens of thousands of skilled Jihadis, and well-funded groups of politically-savvy lawyers, all working actively to overthrow our own government and establish those same restrictive laws on everybody here. They are successfully intimidating with violence and also waging jihad by gaining concessions.
I would like to consider it to more of "yes" side.
ride in it. My parents are expecting me home by late afternoon, and my
Maybe it has something to do with the time I forgot to pack valves, membranes and shields; or the next day when I had meetings and presentations offsite but left my pump at Headquarters; or was it the day that I packed valves and membranes but forgot shields? That being said, I was still able to manually express, which honestly seems to be more efficient than using my pump anyway. Maybe if I pump more than 2 times a day, resume taking Fenugreek supplements and drinking Mother's Milk Tea my supply would increase.
‘Respondent Dennis Rodman is broke and cannot afford any additional fees,’ Mr Willis writes in filings on his behalf, adding that he is ‘extremely sick’.
I have to start some fundraisers again for the ACPCG. Donations are at an all time low and just ordered prints for three very under-privileged families who are losing and have lost their child, and the account is now near empty.
Hard as it is for me not to want to get to know them more, just knowing they exist, and that there may be some mutual interest…but I am trying. I am reminded of Cat Stevens’ lyrics in ‘Father and Son’, and hear the concerned father in both him and Steinbeck, whispering to me, “Don’t rush.”, trying to warn me of this electric fence.
*And fasting! Don't forget the fasting!
Roll of pie dough (Need 2 to use the whole can of filling.)
THEY OFFERED TO PARTNER WITH CHINA IN WORLD DICTATORSHIP
The full group will reportedly meet again in June, presumably just prior to the next WIPO meetings. Subgroup meetings will be held between March and May, with anyone from the full group is invited to participate in the subgroup meetings, the chairs said. The list of participants at the Washington meeting included Australia, Belgium, Canada, Czech Republic, Denmark, European Commission, European Patent Office, France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Portugal, Romania, Slovak Republic, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom, and the United States.
To be honest, I also could not get myself to move forward on the cruise. All of the past Quacker Factory trips have been a labor of love that Jeanne,Lee, Tim and I have worked on together so closely for almost 10 years. Facing the prospect of cruising without Jeanne was something I could not dream of. After returning to the US, I stayed away from my office and mourned just as you have.
By Michael Mooney & Jim Webb
of an ambulance
This year so far has certainly lived up to its April showers!
I cannot abide people who blame the media for society’s ills. I worked as a newspaper reporter for a decade & I mostly kept my temper under control against waves of ignorant commenters, racist readers and the like. I would almost always go off on people who talked mess about the media, though. This is a disclaimer, because I am irritated by this New York Times piece about births outside of marriage. It reinforces stereotypes about black women while essentially underscoring that while “middle America” — meaning middle class white people — is starting to live more like how people of color in working class and poor communities have been living for generations now. Instead of them becoming ostracized (like in the good old days?) as they do so, they are creating ” a new normal.” The piece reaches back to the 1965 Moynihan Report that referred to the dysfunctional, matriarchal black family (shaped so by slavery, I might add) as one that had produced “a tangle of pathology”:
There is a common understanding now that a couple should work to make the most of their earning capacity. It's fine if that is what your priority is, or if your circumstances compel both of you to focus on earning money to set yourself up and pay off debt. However, some people value staying at home, being a homemaker, raising children, looking after parents in their old age or volunteering, and for them, that is more important than earning as much money as possible. There are many who have disabilities and who can't work for a living but who save money at home and get by on a pension. It is possible to live well both ways - either by earning as much as you can, or by saving as much as you can. I gave up my career a few years ago, so you all know what camp I'm in. We know that if we cut back on our wants and buy only what we need, we don't need as much money as we used to earn. I spend my time now working from home as a writer, working in my community and working at home. I know many homemakers who have set up a small business that they run successfully from home.
Answer: For starters, people throughout history have fretted over proper disposal of baby teeth. Concerns and customs:
Listened as if I heard an angel sing
We cannot see through the fog.
Apple: I’ve mentioned the Mac-loving, Prius-driving California hipster stereotype before. It’s because Apple’s advertisements seem to cater to hipsters; they use indie music in their commercials as well. And since hipsters are all about being hip, and Apple is all about being hip, they’re the perfect couple.
The nurse helped me up and into a wheelchair (my first time in one) and took me to the room where we’d stay overnight. My legs totally felt like they didn’t work. Otherwise, I felt great! When the nurse wheeled me out of the L&D area, our family was waiting. I told them it was the hardest work I’d ever done with the best result ever. I remember feeling so incredibly
- I always use fresh local apples, even in winter I buy apples that were grown in the next state or closer.
Rinse all the vegetables under cold water and pre-chop them.
While we are on rowing I will throw in my rowing rituals. For gig rowing its an odd one but done the same way every time. Tap on the foot stretcher with feet followed by tapping both pins stern then bow then making sure spare pin stowed under seat finally before attention is called oar rattled 3 times in the pins and then its head on and race time.
Tigger: 7 votes; 35%
This week I read “How Nonsense Sharpens the Intellect” in the Tuesday science section of the New York Times in which Benedict Carey describes an intriguing theory. The idea is that when we come across something that defies logic or is disorienting, our brains try to make some sense of it by looking for patterns, and in that process, we may become more aware of other patterns that we might otherwise not notice.
I've been waiting for this Topps Mayo card for a long time. I was searching in a mad frenzy when 2009 Heritage was around. Then I forgot all about it until it popped in my head one day, like a puppy I lost long ago.
I had been looking in the below decks area for a furnace and steam engine to drive the equipment and gears in this massive mining equipment. The guide told me no, it was all run on electricity; that they actually ran power lines from Dawson City over the hill and down to the creek and when the dredge was working hard, the city would often experience brown-outs as the dredge put a drain on the city’s power.
- In London, England, wife beating is legal just as long as it is not after 9pm and it doesn't disturb the neighbours.
Cut the loaf into slices (crust or no crust: your call, but save the cumbs) and pour the hot milk over them in a large bowl. Cover the bowl with a clean kitchen towel or a cutting board (careful that it doesn't tip the bowl) to keep in the heat and moisture. Fry the bacon pieces in a medium pan. When the bacon is browned, pour it, grease and all, over the soaking bread in the bowl. When the mixture cools, add the eggs, salt, and pepper. Mix gently but thoroughly.
Moreover, there are many reasons why spot gold rebounded back towards the $1650 level within hours of the otherwise disappointing Fed statements on April 25 and headed higher the next day.
a daughter against her mother,
‘Peace I leave with you; my peace I give you. I do not give to you as the world gives. Do not let your hearts be troubled and do not be afraid.’
Please check for the buyer reviews & ratings of JTL TL-750 Everlight Tungsten Light Kit, with Three Everlights, 750w HQ Bulbs, Power Cables, SoftBoxes, Connectors, Stands, Case & Bonus 4-leaf Barn Doors from the merchant’s website by click on the link below.
procedure to hopefully fix it,
Young birds resemble the female, but are paler below and have buff feather fringes. Both sexes have a sharply pointed bill. The tail is of medium length and is rounded. The eyes, bill, and feet are all black.
And here is my version of this challenge
Christian laughed, grabbing her legs and picking her up as he stood up. He quickly whisked her from the room and up the stairs. He laid her down on the bed, stripping off his clothes and quickly laying down on top of Addison.
Asia Pacific Breweries Ltd. Tiger Beer
Wind bubbled, blushing like a new dawn at the gentle
‘You’re single (ok, this was a statement, not a question) – me too, I have no time. Should I be getting married?’
Twenty million in a day is great, a milestone for most. The other day, Chris locked in ten times that amount. Granted, he crushed the single day record, but still. It’s representative of the boom.
-JV
3. It’s farfalla in Italian, mariposa in Spanish and papillon in French – what is it in English?
Our theme for March is "EASTER"
I am curious..where would you go if you could go anywhere? Anywhere.
The question to ask is, do these typesizes show clear hierarchy? Is there any ambiguity about what is the most important type on the page, the next most important and so on?
I have to run my tidy bowl man has called in OSHA, I’m out of chips, the groundhog just rang the bell asking for aspirin and I have to find an extra garden hose.
Red Sox: Tony Pena; Orioles: Brady Anderson; Indians: Carlos Baerga; Tigers: Tony Phillips; Brewers: Joe Kmak; Yankees: Pat Kelly; Blue Jays: Roberto Alomar
Whyte then did what other journalists have done in the past: made a video showing Natalie talking about her success, which has been extraordinary, to the point where she can make a living from doing what she has done - making funny videos - since 2006. Again, Natalie plays down her success, saying that the internet is
Hope Walton doesn't really want to become a time traveler, but apparently it's a family tradition. And her mom isn't dead, just trapped in 1543.
Absolutely beautiful don't ya think? Keeping that in mind I thought about what beautiful eyes my daughter Katelyn has, so innocent and naive at the tender age of 7. If only we could keep that innocence!
Bake the rolls at 425 degrees for 12 minutes. Butter the tops as soon as they come out of the oven.
1) The two Seals are Egyptian and Luciferian
I seem to have recently found the DIYer in me. About 2 1/2 weeks ago, my husband and I renovated our children's playroom. Goodbye 1970s/80s wood paneling! Yuck. Our project consisted of tearing down the paneling, scraping old wallpaper adhesive off of the walls (1960s velvet green wallpaper, anyone?), patching holes (he did all of that), sanding the walls, and finally painting. I picked a nice, neutral beige and added some wall decals for decor. I'm planning on adding more decor later, but I haven't gotten to that yet. I have a super cute idea that I can't wait to share with all of you once I get around to completing it. And we also have yet to paint the trim, but the main part is done and that's what matters.
Have a great Friday. I'll try to, as well.
1 unicorn
Back to the regular Google News alert for mobile learning.
I’m exhausted
With the Elephants eventually getting mobile we took our leave and headed in the direction of where Marka had left the large Buffalo herd the night before. With other stations in the area doing most of the leg work before we arrived we had only to check one road to find what we were looking for. It happened coincidently that we would find a lone female Giraffe on a road that we were checking for the Buffalo and while sitting with her we could hear them bellowing in the valley
Final verdict 3/5
After receiving the first letter naturally I was quite worried. My boss reasurred me, ‘we have a very good filing systems for Kens letters’ he said. Nudging the wastpaper basket with his foot.
Coleman coffee is available all over the place - Leila's, the e5Bakehouse, &c., &c..
"No, No, I have, I've let you down.
Post by Brand begins here:
NONSens agents
So please go and retenter on this blog: www.smootchkiss.blogspot.com
Mr FF has purchased some blogging app that he says will enable me to load photos, plus some device that will enable me to get them off my camera. Whether I will have the patience to learn how to use them is another matter altogether. I have finished my first pair of socks, never realised before now much yarn and nedles could raise your temperature, a few rows had me in a complete lather.
name ideas – whatever comes to mind.
(Note: If you have a larger bird, you may need to increase the ingredients and roasting time.)
The baby’s going to be born in time to go to college.
Tabasco ferments and ages their peppers in white oak barrels for up to three years, so I've been tossing around the idea of adding a piece of oak right into my mash. I lost track of a recipe online where someone baked the oak to get rid of the "freshness" and then added it to their mash.
Another great thing about pomegranates are is that they keep FOREVER. At first they are perfectly round with a smooth surface and bright red to pink in color, then they age as the time wears on, turning dark red to magenta with areas of brown, their skin starts to wrinkle and get leathery, and they no longer are perfectly round, but in my opinion that just makes them more interesting.
Stuck in the same cramped room, staring at the same small screen, my cinematic travels have literally taken me nowhere over the years. Oh, sure, the images flickering on its glossy surface portray a wide array of people doing a wide array of things in a wide array of places, but I can't physically touch or interact with them. If I were, however, given the opportunity to enter any film I wanted, I would definitely think about entering Crimes of Passion, an unconventional, somewhat satirical, yet totally trashy erotic thriller written by Barry Sandler (Making Love) and directed by Ken Russell (Lair of the White Worm). Why, may I ask, would you want to enter that particular film? I mean, what makes it so special? And besides, everyone says they want to penetrate the film they just finished watching, it's human nature. In fact, I know someone who wanted to live like the drug-addled fashion models in Liquid Sky so badly, that they moved to Manhattan, bought a penthouse apartment near the Empire State Building, and started a trendy heroin habit. While I won't be moving to this film's location (L.A.'s skid row) anytime soon, I did notice that the desire to install a flashing neon sign, preferably one with an x-rated theme, outside my bedroom window was quite pronounced after I had finished bathing in its unsavoury glow. In other words, I want to live in a world where lightness and darkness are always fighting one another for radioactive supremacy. It's true, the inconsistencies that come with existing in a realm that features two distinct types of illumination will take some getting used to, but most will agree that the varying degrees of visual comprehension are the one of the signature perks of living life on the edge.
Both mani's had 1 coat of China Glaze Drawn To You from their Magnetix collection for the base color & another coat for the magnet. & Then finished off with Seche Vite. I only did the diagonal & chevron design because I had too much trouble with the star.
The real question is what should this body-mind do or avoid?
Coconut oil gives hair a shiny complexion while also preventing dry skin and dandruff. Coconut oil is has anti-fungal properties--very strong ones I might add. Since dandruff is said to often be caused by a fungus, coconut oil will heal this and your scalp will be soothed and free of dry skin! Many people use coconut oil to promote hair growth.
Now how is that for convenience shopping and service :)
- Adam Levine's character in American Horror Story will be part of a duo called The Lovers and it's a sexual role. It will be set in a criminal asylum.
Cue them up
During every trip I take I’m always on the look out for a cool trinket to bring home with me and remember the trip. Sometimes it’s an elephant to add to my collection or a vintage candlestick holder from a flea market in Florence.
Made me unsure of my heart
A new study by Jessica Hellmann, associate professor of biological sciences at the University of Notre Dame, and researchers from Western University found that mild winters, such as the one many of us just experienced, can be taxing for some butterfly or possibly other species.
"You live and learn" they say, and true to that, this year's graduate school application process is far less stressful than the year before. I knew I should look into both PhD and Masters program again but since those three universities rejected me last year, I opted not to apply to them again. If they don't want you last year ... they probably still don't this year.
32 was a big year for me. Nothing truly notable happened, but I think I learned more this last year than any year of my life.
thank
I was more content when I was all so self contained, but I don't want that contentment back. It's alright to yearn in winter. And be fragile. And crave warmth. Things happen in their own time. I may as well crave spring, and I do, but I think this longing in me has made me more whole. I feel more tender toward myself and toward others. I fell asleep last night thinking of Mwa and Danielle and Jo, thinking of the snow of Europe. I heard on the BBC that people in the Netherlands and in Germany were being advised to stay indoors because it is so dangerously cold. I worried about them, about you my friends. Do you have enough to eat? Do you have warm blankets and wool socks? And so perhaps this softening, this need is not useless after all. When one is hard and self contained there is no room for others to get inside. I want to let this softening happen, and not try to be so tough.
However, I recently moved from upper Virginia to middle Wisconsin; sharing a split home with my sister that my Grams purchased and we are currently paying her back for. Plus, my alimony got reduced from $1000 to $300 in a battle that I wasn’t really interested in fighting. I’m temping because it’s dead winter and jobs are scarce as all get out. And we are without a vehicle so I am relying on other people to chauffeur me around. Which means, I can’t even go looking for a new job or go on interviews because if I ride in to work with a co-worker I have no way home but them. *Sarcastic* YAY!
I like how in this photo you can see the path your eye travels up the metal flower motif to the green silk ribbon and bead flower motif, then up the button cluster to the beaded vine!
Lunch was delicious! The proclivity that Bunny and John have for entertaining, and making their guests feel like "old friends" is indeed an art form.
That’s what it boils down to. No matter how many great advancements they reach on cellphones, they still can’t make the fuckin’ phone itself work right. No service? Dropped calls? We can’t fix that, so instead, we’ve made it so you just hold the phone and communicate telepathically with your friends. You can connect with their very minds!
On the one hand, some of these people do seem to be suffering from a combination of addiction and hoarding. They obviously experience some sort of high when they are able to save more than 90% at the cash register and that motivates them to continue chasing after that high. And they also love admiring their stockpile. I understand that, without doing what they do, they may not be able to feed and support their families. At the same time, however, there are some issues that need to be dealt with.
A compelling story of guilty secrets, troubled friendship and burgeoning love. (Summary from Goodreads.com).
The two Special Weapons and Tactics officers who were killed in the apartment were identified as Sgt. Ervin Romans, 43, and Sgt. Dan Sakai, 35.
It sounds like a good idea: document a single day on earth (July 24, 2010) by getting people all around the world to send in clips. A team led by Kevin Macdonald (who’s given the title of ‘director’ for some reason) sifted through 81,000 contributions to create a film that’s, um, halfway between a documentary and a highlights reel.
The next event for the Copart Finder, KC Auto, U Pull It and Top Signs supported team is the Bulldog International Rally of North Wales which takes place on Saturday 27 April. Utilising the world famous Sweet Lamb Rally complex and surrounding forests this, the MSA Dulux Trade British Rally Championship season opener, is sure to attract a large number of spectators.
We did burgers - but with lean ground beef and smaller (thinner) whole grain hamburger buns and a salad instead of baked beans, chips and dip.
But the point has been made. Consistently, we turn our faces away from experience, from tried and tested systems that have a track record of working, to embrace something with a poor record of success. We then pursue it well beyond the point where it has become a demonstrable failure ... and express surprise that it does not work.
Sister and Brother-in-law's Card
Bag: Chloe
3. Sequence 3 (3:21)
At this point, the unemployment rate for blacks is double the rate for whites — about what it was at the time of the meeting.
As for the remaining selections, the 49ers addressed some needs in the secondary and picked up defensive end Cam Johnson in the 7th round, which will have delighted defensive co-ordinator Vic Fangio.
So, yesterday was my one year blogging anniversary! I'm ashamed to admit that I didn't even notice until late last night, by which time it was too late to get out the candles or whip up a cake. Instead, we'll have to celebrate a day late - and with a warm, tender loaf of quick bread in place of white cake and buttercream.
I am a fan of Amanda Talley and I know that many of you who read are fans as well. I found this piece that was commissioned for one of Erin's clients from Elements of Style. I remember the first time that I saw it, I was smitten with it immediately. It looks like this particular piece is painted on art paper and framed behind glass.
Holy CRAP you guys!!
6. Gareth Roberts’s first treatment for the Easter special involved an outer-space hotel with mysteriously disappearing guests, who were being taken down to the planet below to be implanted with alien eggs (because eggs=Easter, see?). Sounds a bit Battlestar Galactica (70s version) to us.
"I told him I'd go along with the crowd," Carter said in his statement.And so, in a tableau reminiscent of the famous scene in To Kill A Mockingbird (and perhaps it was an inspiration for it), the taxis all lined up in the early morning hours and drove in formation out to the Pickens County jail, maybe 20 miles away. It was February 17th.
“Look, I know you’re just looking out for me, and I appreciate that. But can’t I just say ‘no thanks,’ and leave it at that?”
Brooklyn is a place to rest. Lounge even. That's the way I see it.
of Reconstruction and even after
The issue of adjusting images for a specific viewing condition came up recently, and I promised to put together a short article on the tools available in SpyderPrint, from Datacolor, to make such adjustments as simple as possible. Lets assume you have already built a custom SpyderPrint profile for your printer, inks, and paper of choice. Now you just want your images to look the same in your display location, as they do in your own studio. Here’s how to make that happen:
With legal repercussion out of the equation, the “battle” remains between poster, snarker and harasser. But the “battle” could end with a blackened screen.Walk away.
Asked what is the significant of the date, Zaid, who was formerly PKR Federal Territory chief, laughed and said: “If he (PKR de facto leader Datuk Seri Anwar Ibrahim) likes September 16, then I like December 16″.
Other scientists claim that the brain’s ‘wiring’ or network of fibres linking different areas to one another cannot get any better.
Jailed marijuana activist Marc Emery is all over the map politically. A founding member of the Marijuana Party of Canada, he’s moved his support between the B.C. and federal NDP, the federal and provincial Greens and federal Liberals over the years.
Other layout news. I've discovered FeedBurner, so I now have an RSS button on my sidebar, as well as an email subscription option. Things are coming along slowly, but I'm new to the blogging world; I jumped right into having my own blog after only a couple of weeks reading crafts blogs. I'm really learning as I go.
09) X.Y.U.
It has been the coldest, wettest and windiest spring that I can remember.
"I do, thank you, and may it long remain vigilant."
If you buy your father a novel with a father as a major character, 9 times out of 10 you are going to freak him out. Distant, abusive, absent, disapproving or dead: your typical fictional dad is about as warm and supportive as a pair of boxer shorts stored in the freezer.
St. Nick and the little's
And guilt that I didn't make it beyond
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F
☺ First, download the file clicking the download button near the image: you'll get a .pdf file
In one of two changes to the team that finished third in Hong Kong last weekend, Afrika was replaced by Renfred Dazel, who will now play sweeper in Tokyo.
But this is nothing new – Latin Link has known this for a long time. Over ten years ago, Latin Link brought their first Latin American ‘reverse missionaries’ to Britain. They are serving God through the local church in some of the toughest places in our cities, especially among groups of migrants and those whom the church has found hardest to reach. And they didn’t go home after three weeks, they are still here, seeing God do extraordinary things!
- My wife says: I’ve still no idea what is going on.
If you don't have an iPhone? You're covered! My Philly Beer Week allows you to scan the whole calendar of events, pick out what you want, and either print a list, print a Google map with all your events, or download it to Outlook or iCal on your mobile device of choice. Again, you can search the list by a variety of parameters to find what you're looking for.
Thanks for reading! Don't forget to Comment, Like, and Pin!
I had to interject, “What Frenchman, Ryan? Why would I find a Frenchman? What are you talking about???”
I recently tried a birthday cake from the in-store counter at Waitrose. The supermarket brand makes cakes to order, including for weddings, but never did I expect to find a lusciously moist chocolate and orange invention ready to buy from their bakery section.
This may be the real brilliance of Sunrise. Certainly I don’t think Murnau failed to make the film he was trying to make. I can’t point to a single poorly made moment. I can’t fault the acting, particularly in Gaynor’s case. But for me, two less famous scenes sum Sunrise up. The first, still in the city, finds Man and Wife gazing at sample wedding photos in a glass case in front of a photographer’s studio. The men and women in those photos are ideals, in the sense any advertisement strives for ideals, and the Couple desire to be ideal. The glass reflects their faces, melding them with the photos. It is a small scene compared to the tricks of forced perspective and double exposure Murnau uses elsewhere, but unlike those, it is (we presume) real, not a projection of the Couple’s fantasies.
The inside cover has a note from the editor, which is rather sweet. If only more authors took the time to acknowledge their fans. Then a contents table helpfully guides you through the meat and bones of the novel. I wish Lord Of The Rings had something like this so I could have skipped all those damn descriptions about travelling and gotten to the bit where that bald mental kid falls into a volcano (oops, spoiler alert).
The worst part of it for me was that I ended up with 34 children and 31 of them were all named Darryl and had red hair. This forced me to buy enough vehicles to get this family around. There is a space you land on where you can take the kids to the babysitter (babysitter being whatever player you choose) and “forget” they are there. Then the babysitter adds that many more kids to their kid list. By the way, each kid you have takes away $10 from your payday. So if your payday stunk in the beginning, it really stinks if you have a ton of kids.
There are other places for subsidies to emerge. For example, the Hudson Yards Infrastructure Corporation, which finances development to be carried out by Hudson Yards Development Corporation and other public entities, has bought development rights from the MTA and will sell them to developers.
Out of favour during the presidency of Thabo Mbeki, Moe was often asked by the media to interpret the strategies of the Zuma camp in the run-up to the ANC's 52nd national conference in Polokwane, where Mbeki was ousted by Zuma as the party's leader.
Its my turn (Heather) this week to choose the Top 3 for our Challenge 67 Sketch challenge. There may have only been 10 entries but it was still darn hard!!
The letters arrived in plain, unmarked 8 1/2-by-11 envelopes, with no return address.
March 15 2012 at 03:44pm
Bulgaria international Delev, who scored in every round, netted from close range from Brazilian midfielder Marquinhos’s precise pass six minutes before the break.
“Where are you from?” I asked. He told me he was from Turkey and what his academic interests were. He then asked me where I was from and where did I go to school. I responded that I was born and raised in Norfolk, and that I went to the university in my backyard for my bachelors and masters. He repeated what I said for clarification; I confirmed it; and his response was “That’s strange.”
I guess I will start by telling you guys that are soon to follow me a few things about me.
One of the things I like about Dr. Chapman – and see very clearly in this book – is that he believes in the power of God, but realizes the choices of man. Yes, you can do everything right – or you can do lots of things right – or you AND your significant other can do lots of things right, but everything doesn’t always work out right. That doesn’t diminish God’s power in any way, or His love for His children. This book continues to encourage Christians to seek God’s will, but constantly reminds the reader(s) that seeking God’s will is a personal choice, and you can’t force anyone else to do so – or even agree with you. It’s real, and about real life, something that is lacking in many “Christian” books.
I stole a previous idea and just covered some soup cans with pretty scrapbook paper, and presto chango, free utensil storage:
Why a writing notebook? you may ask. Why not just tip, tap, type away on my laptop? My answer is simple. You need it. Writing with a pen or pencil is completely different from typing on a computer. It uses different parts of your body, different parts of your brain. I taught college for a long time, and I was always fascinated by a roomful of students taking an essay test. As their pencils moved, their whole bodies became involved in the writing process. Some bobbed their heads, some hunched over, some moved their mouths as if speaking the words, some slid right to the edge of their chairs, almost as if they were about to hop up and chase after the elusive perfect phrase. We don't use our whole bodies in the same way when we type, and we certainly don't use our brains in the same way. Writing by hand is messy business. When our hand moves across the page there's a direct physical connection between thought and hand and pen and page. We are touching our thoughts, tracing them, shaping them into being, almost like a sculptor. I'm talking magic, and that's just what we need to do some serious writing. So if you feel like working on your writing this winter, get yourself a writing notebook--or start a new one special just for 2011. If you feel artsy, decorate it. If you can't be bothered with that, leave it plain. But DO put your name and email address on it, and do write somewhere on the inside cover a dollar amount award for its recovery if lost. Make it have value right from the start. Make it your very own.
Multicolored Freeleaf Pads and Multicolor Notebooks. Great, heavy paper. But I don't like writing on these at all. The paper is smooth, but performance otherwise varies a lot by the color of the paper. Sometimes, the paper repels the ink so much it looks like I've tried writing on wax paper; the ink doesn't so much skip as bead up and bubble.
Does this mean he doesn’t believe at all in the value of economic growth? No, the president’s new appointee is not trying to eliminate economic growth from the equation, as he also believes that “sustained increases in national income – that is, economic growth – are required for poverty reduction.” Relying on previous research, he argues that countries that made crucial developments in poverty reduction and human development have also “done quite well in securing long-term economic growth.”
was in Salisbury but some of his messengers were killed. All the European miners and farmers left the mines and farms and went to Salisbury.
Dealing with heartbreak and dealing with blood,
My own inner arrogance is stifling. I feel murdered by internal thoughts. I feel so beyond everyone and their way of being because to me it’s just a game and I don’t care about winning or losing, just sheer, unadulterated enjoyment. Fuck, be fucked, eat, be eaten. Having a job is just a test of endurance at this point. I can quit any time, but I haven’t. I’m making more money than all the snobbish assholes who went off to college with their noses upturned at me when I dropped out. Somehow, that makes me smile. I’ve never been above revenge, even the more petty kind.
The finish was sweet ginger that dies away slowly. If you put aside any notion that this is a Stout, then this is a pleasant, if not outstanding beer. However, if you’re going to compare and contrast this with many other Stouts, I fear you will be disappointed.
Dearest ♥ Granddaughter Mariyka,
A friend recommended Kathryn Stockett's debut novel THE HELP (note: a book for grown-ups) and once I got into it, I was gone. I neglected my family. I ate very little. I wore pajamas. There was no showering. I read chapters out loud and copied down my favorite lines. And when I finally finished it at 3:15 AM on Monday I sat weeping on my sofa. Sigh.
So far Scotland Yard is looking into 28 allegations of bogus voter registration in London, although the Conservative and Respect parties both say they have highlighted many more. Concerns have been amplified by a flood of new voter registrations in the past few weeks in the run-up to the nationwide deadline on 20 April. Election officials in Tower Hamlets have removed 141 suspect ballots from the register but overall 5,166 new names were received before the deadline with little time to check their veracity.
Ironically, even with that energy, he chose to sleep and scoffed at the idea of the gym while I snuck out for a 4-mile run one morning during his stay. Weird how that goes.
Police announced they would be moving in and gave people time to leave. According to UC police spokesperson Lt Eric Tejada, police gave a warning to leave every minute for ten minutes. Two people who stayed on the tract were arrested for trespass. 7 others who were waiting outside the property were arrested for unlawful assembly for failure to disperse after a dispersal order.
Getting over to the Beer Yard to pick up Jack was a traffic horror, getting through NJ was almost as bad, and when I found myself happy to be paying $4.69 a gallon for diesel, I knew things were screwed. As it turned out, I was wrong. The lecture went smoothly, and we also fit in a quick visit to the Gilded Otter brewpub in New Paltz (excellent alt, as always; a bit overly chocolatey to be classic, but not a problem when it comes to good drinking), the Tuthilltown Spirits distillery (more on that in another post...maybe, because I might be able to sell that one -- meanwhile, that's a picture of the stillhouse on the right.), and an excellent -- huge -- German dinner at the Mountain Brauhaus (highly recommended, great German fare and beers). Things got even better when I forced a visit to the Miss Albany Diner for breakfast, one of my top ten breakfast spots, a classic Silk City diner with house-made sausage and a MAD assortment of specialty omelettes and waffles (the Irish whiskey waffle is just nuts).
Here I am at 37 weeks, 5 days. I am FULL TERM!! She could come any day. She's measuring right on size- so she's most likely over 6lbs and over 19 inches long!! I am officially swollen and checking my rings daily to see if they still fit.
ID Scanner – Things You Should Know Before Buying
FREE!
Include:
10.10 to win the men’s 100. 45.85 took the 400. 22.71 the women’s 200. But then I got to the women’s 800 and the following results:
A Prayer of St. Chrysostom
“No. Daughter of a friend. Can I put my hands down?”
You reached out your hands
#6 Homemade beer. My husband and I and two of our closest friends have been brewing beer together. It turned out so well that the four of us brewed a shitton as favors for Trisha and Adam's wedding this past July. It is so very yummy! We recently just brewed a Pumpkin Spice Ale that will be ready in mid October. Full review to come! Our "brewery" name is Grandesco...a combination of our two last names.
Thought you might enjoy this portrait of a denizen of the Phoenix zoo, one of their Burrowing Owls (Athene cunicularia). Notice how the pupils are differentially dilated in response to the different light levels on each eye….
“Political language is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable, and to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind. ”
Some of the typical improvements qualified applicants may receive in this program include the following: insulation – attic, floor, and wall; window sealing; weather-stripping; maintenance of HVAC; hot water tank check-up; thermostat settings; lighting efficiency; and sealing the exterior siding.
1. Job
Throughout the twentieth century, investment in scientific research proved to be a winning bet on the grand scale; it won wars, made fortunes, and laid the groundwork for today’s high-tech world. It’s a common belief these days that more of the same will yield more of the same—that more scentific research will make it possible to fix the world’s energy problems and, just maybe, its other problems as well. Popular as that view is, there’s good reason to doubt it.
** Some templates will let you leave the wording as just background, others will not accept the change unless you change this to 'background-color'.
In any case, the entombed drill will presumably outlast the city it sleeps beneath; indeed, if it is ever seen again, it will be a much more geological resurrection. As Alex Trevi of Pruned suggested over email, the machine will be "left there, perhaps forever, and will only surface when NYC rises up in a new mountain range and starts eroding."
I’ve been missing. I’m sorry. Thank you so much for all the sweet emails and comments checking on me and worrying about me.
+ HICOUP & DEVYNITY – Domestic Violence
No.No.
Grill about 3 minutes on each side until nicely charred.
Because in lieu of having somebody kiss it better, or stick a hello-kitty band-aid on it, I need to garner a large dose of sympathy from the internet.
Hope you enjoy this song and the message that indeed we do have Blessed Assurance with
Rapidly crossing the West with springy gait and descending the
So chaps - if you do it - you could pin up a list of replacements you need for this Summer. In my case it is quite a short list - just a couple of pairs of jeans and possibly some sandals (that is apart from anything that tempts me) but then, men don't seem to have minds that work like this, do they?
Well, I unfortunately (or fortunately depending on your perspective) have several of those bottles. Most of those bottles are old (10-20 years old or more). Don’t get the wrong idea–I can’t afford the retail price of most of the wine I drink (and neither can my wife for all of you smart alecks out there). I just spend waaaay too much time searching for wine on the internet. A lot of people come by wine by any number of means and some of them just want to sell it. And I will buy it, but usually not at their price. I am always willing to walk away, but sometimes I get some really good wines at really great prices–but we are getting way too deep into the subject of a couple of other posts. Back to Saturday night.
- Inside the house, 12 red velvet-styled roses were waiting for me with a love letter.
Separate dough into two logs, and flatten into rectangles. Add a log of almond paste in the center of each rectangle and roll dough around it. Pinch edges and turn the loaves seam side down.
First: fewer people will save for their old age. Second: those who do will save less. Third: he will therefore raise less money. Fourth: it will cost millions for the lumbering tax people to change things.
2. Don’t Plan Any Itinieary
WOULD DO TO THEM…
While the Department of Homeland Security claims illegal immigration has dropped to an all-time low the federal agency responsible for protecting national parks is boosting its workforce to prevent “a pathway of destruction” left by undocumented aliens crossing from Mexico.
4. weather strip (we’re thinking this is a house manager issue now. not sure if we can fix it ourselves)
Sometime over last weekend, the Writer Beware blog passed the 20,000 subscriber mark!
Fast forward a few weeks. I received a call from the young mom. She wanted to know if Footprints offered assistance for those who need help at Christmas. I told her we did and asked what she needed. Doing her best to hold back the tears, she told me she knew her child was just a baby, but she really wanted to have presents for her on Christmas. My heart was so heavy for her and I agreed to do what I could and within a few minutes of sending an email about the situation, we found a volunteer who was willing to help. The volunteer and her entire office stepped up to take care of this family.
A UFO club favourite, Mazy is a floaty and disorientating piece of half-asleep psychedelia. Stay off the Mandrax, kids. The Peep Show were from Birmingham and generally specialized in much more folky fare. This is the B-side of “Your Servant Stephen”, a track about an accidental pregnancy which was panned by Derek Jacobs on Juke Box Jury for its subject matter.
But, here's an amazing fact about the lowly beet: Eaten fresh, they're surprisingly tasty.
Since 2007, when the crisis first hit, prices have fallen sharply with the “Mediterranean Coast” recording an overall decline of 33.1%, over a third of its value. “Capitals and Major Cities” follow with an overall decline of 27.8%, followed by “Metropolitan Areas” with 26.3%, the “Balearic and Canary Islands” with 20.1% and “Other Municipalities”, which includes regions not included in the other categories, with 19.9%.
There was, of course, never any real doubt as to who was running the show. Jim Ferguson had a desk right alongside his wife’s in the Capitol, and the disgrace of impeachment didn’t slow down his crooked deals one iota. Whenever Ma Ferguson got stumped over an issue a reporter would ask her about, she’d say, “I don’t know that, but I do know that my Redeemer liveth!,” which I imagine made for many awkward silences in her press conferences.
Patrick Watson: Adventure In Your Own Backyard
Global Markets Direct Report Coverage 7
Nowadays, LVMH has purchased this business so that it would shift beyond it was along with her view selections. This mix has given Hublot replica watches one thing for being special about. There's a mix of affluence and extravagance within these low cost timepieces. These include Europe timepieces containing built good name for per se and on the world that is loaded with timepieces and patterns. You will find called WISeKey wise unit card currently in use because of the enterprise in eliminating fakes today that is progress into their patterns. Hublot have provided us with timepieces that are cost-effective and amazing.
1953 + ‘54 + ‘55 The Tournament of Roses Parade (line producer for live broadcast of three successive New Year’s Day Parades in Pasadena.)
Separation and judgment is melting away now in much of humanity as you all begin to come together and realize that you are the same beautiful energy of Oneness and of Love, simply existing in seemingly different forms.
The book is slow to get started and I didn’t find what I considered to be a classic Hemingway line until about halfway through the book but it does pick up the pace towards the end. The story moves at a reasonable speed but I felt at times it could have been more interesting. Ultimately I found Hemingway’s prose and observations about his own state of mind more enthralling than the slaughter of (largely) defenceless animals.
One of the first things I did was purchase digital scrapbooking supplies to use in my digital creations. And I've even created digital scrapbooking supplies of my own - see HERE
H.Q.
Anwaar and Fareda: Yes, mother.
I couldn't resist the opportunity, so I persuaded Geekydaddy to take the kids to their gymnastics class and I went along. I felt a little weird with my "Geekymummy" name tag plastered across my chest. At "official" events in my professional life I usually I have a badge with "Dr My Real Name" on it, so I was a little unsure of how to project myself publicly in my alternative identity and without my scientific credentials to hide behind. I got the hang of it though, and met some lovely and interesting people, like Normalarkey, the Drifter and the Gypsy, and FrogMom.
If the accumulation of great wealth is not merely the result of talent and hard work, then it must also be the result of circumstances made possible by society at large. That implies a substantial obligation to others who make such success possible and keep its fruits secure. No billionaire could exist alone on a desert island. No fortune could remain secure without the assent of the population through a nation's property laws and court system. To acknowledge this is to support the necessary public services and infrastructure that allow successful businesses and individuals to prosper by allowing the broader population to share in that prosperity.
We then strolled into the narrowest and oldest streets of Paris as we took in the sights and did a bit of shopping. It was so enjoyable walking around Paris on a wonderfully sunny Sunday afternoon. I couldn't think of a more special and memorable way to spend St. Valentine's Day other than being spending it here in the most romantic city in the world and sharing it with my family.
The event was the most formative of David’s childhood, its physical manifestations taking the form of a peculiar gait that followed him into adulthood, the psychic ones so deeply engrained you couldn’t reach them with a red hot knitting needle and a mason hammer. Ever since then he had been trying to reach that pinnacle of the ecstatic and for him the key was to be found In the life and deeds of lord Richard of Stickfordshire. His father had died of what was said to be the pox but was largely suspected to be the prolapsing of the anus. His mother followed soon after under mysterious and gruesome circumstances which were not so gruesome and mysterious to David. Now that he was the head of the household he could finally fulfill his destiny.
And Rick do you know why it’s 20K more, because half those jobs are union. And I hate to tell you this, the goddamn unions are the enemy. They are more corrupt than any business they were formed to oppose and have rigged the system to encourage the most corrupt, most overpaid, most under-working, most useless bunch of steady Democratic voters in history. If you let the free market determine salaries and not unions backed by their corrupt lawmakers (yes, Rick, I mean you) then manufacturing jobs wouldn’t pay that much. That’s why companies leave America, there is no reason to pay someone 20K above the average for a job that requires no education. Like Obama, you’re trying to pick winners and not let the market operate itself. If you knew the first thing about economics you would know that never works.
The thing is, when we have gone grocery shopping together, my husband and I both have given the kids small lists of 2 or 3 items that they go off and find themselves, and then bring back to our cart. They have not once gotten lost in doing so. I have not forced them to do this either; it’s something they both want to do. They like being given the freedom to choose which bananas, or which loaf of bread, we buy that day. We have allowed them to do this as a way of giving a bit of independence in small doses, in a low-risk setting. All of these facts combined played a part in the comfort level I felt about allowing my son to buy a gallon of milk, alone.
All right, I'm getting carried away. The fact is that sunchokes are fairly ugly little brown tubers and pretty much unavailable in Alaska. When I saw them in the list of possibilities for the CSA box that arrived this week, I was at least smart enough to order double of them.
In this case, all three of the above can be included as they make up segments of the film. We can also say that Statham played it safe with this film as it stays within the parameters of what we know and expect in his films.
Big rematch tonight as Dustin Lash, who gave Zucca his only loss, takes on Tony Zucca for the CCCW 185 amateur belt. Big reception for Zucca, who walks out with his belt and fellow training partners Dustin Jacoby and Brian Foster, as well as coach Rick Drago.
looking down
I had so much fun! Thrifting with like minded gals was such a blast! Join me next time!
My plan here was to show some embarrassing photos and stories of Emily, but....ummmm....this is what I found, and, well,they are more embarrassing to myself.
The rules of this award:
When I woke up this morning I felt pretty good about what I had accomplished. I had fought and won a battle that my former self would have easily succumbed to. For the "old me" it would have been 2 PBJs, a bowl of cereal and maybe some ice cream. For "new me" it was watching baseball, talking with my wife, texting with my sister and no food. I still had 100 calories left and could have had a piece of fruit but wanted to put food out of my mind last night. I didn't want to run to it any more. Remember.. I broke up with food last week.
Me: It’s my dads.
Well, I for one am sick and tired of baby boomers (or, if you prefer, the '60s generation) being blamed for every social and economic ill the country faces. To show how bad it's gotten, did you know, for example, that the rise of the armed right-wing militias of the sort that produced Timothy McVeigh were the fault of the '60s? It's obvious: In the '60s people said "question authority," and these people mistrust government, so, QED, right? That lame argument was actually made in the New York Times several years back.
**FRONT** with WS facing
All of us at Anything Goes Challenge blog would like to wish you all a
During the Old Testament period, God gave laws to the Hebrews to help them live righteous lives. He instituted animal sacrifices, which the Hebrews were to make as offerings for sin. These sacrifices were a prefiguration of Christ’s sacrifice, to prepare the people of God to understand and accept the meaning of Christ’s death on the Cross. But neither the sacrifices nor the laws were able to restore mankind to the state he had lost at the Fall.
If we go with the latter suggestion of a midnight to midnight reckoning of a day as suggested by Robert F, then salvation is possible right up until the last minute of May 21st Jerusalem time.
And consequently was early to the place.
Many writers can't resist saddling minor characters with real but unusual surnames. I've encountered the English surname "Gotobed" at least a hundred times in novels without ever bumping up against it in the real world. This is never laden with meaning; the writers have simply been amused by the name, and decided they needed to use it someday, somehow, for something. (It always knocks me out of the story by making me think of the Monty Python skit featuring a fellow named Smoketoomuch.)
A concussive shot rang out, buzz-sawing past Kenneth so fast, it took a few hairs off the side of his head. A small explosion followed suit moments later.
Why would this vile woman falsely demonize our war veterans?
Today, I received a wonderful sketch by an artist named Roger who writes and posts his sketches in his blog Sketches by Roger. I love the way the figure is raising his hands as if he just had a major victory. I’m very partial to watercolors and pen as well.
the fragrance and flavor. If you are like the bean, when things are at their
5. People In This Computer Lab Should Shut The Hell Up
Intoxicating.
Thank you to all Veterans and the sacrifices you make.
Saving Money
■Use some type of lattice
Aveeno Colour Preserving Shampoo
The American Redneck is a curious creature and one that I always rely on for a good laugh. I can only imagine what the conversation is like inside that truck cab. I bet it went something like this:
Aspects of Design Lace 1
And why did reading it make me so happy to be unschooling, you ask? Because Jerry is already in the real world. By the time he is the age I was when I wrote that essay (or the beginning of what was meant to be an essay) he'll be so far ahead of me in life experience and self-knowledge that I don't think he'll ever experience those first few years after college (if he goes) as anything but joyful. For me they were the exact opposite. Anyway, I hope you got a good laugh out of that. Or at least a good cringe. :)
DONNIE MCCLURKIN
Locate pieces of race day outfit, plus back-up pieces.
One Day 2011 Hollywood Movie Watch Online : Movshare Link : Alternative Link :
My time was winding down at ND, and in the spring before would eventually graduate (I left in the fall and graduated the follow May), the opportunity presented itself. At the time, my daughter was about nine months old, and I would go home for two hours at lunch to watch her until my wife came home from teaching Latin at the local Catholic high school.
Image:Mo's Digital Pencil - Adele
He scoops it up this time with the Holstein, and drives down field.
please comment below :)
OK, but I am going to want a even lower ISO at some point.
"Nearly 60 per cent of original wetlands have been destroyed on the Canadian side of Lake Ontario, even more between Toronto and the Niagara River. In some parts of southwestern Ontario, the loss has reached 90 per cent, one of the highest rates in the world." “We have to take care of the little things. If we’re successful in taking care of the little things, little things become big improvements.” "In the past, wetlands were considered breeding grounds for mosquitoes that should be drained or paved. But they are to be treasured. They brim with more life than any other ecosystem — 200 species of birds and 50 species of mammals are dependent on wetlands, which are often sanctuaries for endangered species."
Should I hint about it on facebook?? *grin*
Jobs dropped out of university after just one term and saved money from his first computer job to go on a spiritual retreat to India.
Then the BBC (Book Blogger Convention, not British Broadcasting Corporation!) people said that the registration for that would also get us into Book Expo, which is the 25th-27th. And, you know, I'd love to do that, but this is getting ridiculous! I suppose I could fly out on Wednesday and spend Thursday at BEA. But, oh, all those nights in a New York hotel add up! Thank goodness I'll be staying in the dorms for the reunion. Because I am so tempted by BEA!
Who found out there was room for 23 more children in the school there and asked God to find sponsors for them? This sister.
Of course the stamps are from the last PK stamp of the month
My first pic is my kitchen junk drawer. This is how it has looked for several months. I'm not joshin' ya, I didn't touch a thing except open the drawer to snap this shot. I could probably do a bit of tweaking, get rid of a few pencils, pens, etc; but The Man reaches into this drawer at least once every single day & has been returning items to their designated places. Let's just be clear here, I'm not messing with this little bit of perfection, okay?
In May 2009 she dropped another $3,325,000, according to property records, to pick up a down-on-its-heels contemporary residence next door, since razed and replaced with terraced gardens and a small, gated parking pad.
the delight of every good parent to meet their children’s requests. Likewise,
We are off to the beach for a few days (we're super lucky to live only a little over an hour away!), but I do plan on posting some subtraction practice pages this week similar to the addition ones I posted a little while back. Hope everyone has a great week!
So where we left off, I was working part time at Macy's and had two interviews, one at Bellingham Christian School and one at the Chrysalis Inn and Spa as a spa receptionist. Now, since you all faithfully read my facebook updates :P, I know that you are all aware of my current job. But humor me.
What lies inside a contemporary Formula One engine? Toyota have given Race Engine Technology full access to their current RXV-08 F1 engine. This issue contains the most detailed technical article ever published on a current F1 engine. A 16 page article covering all aspects of the Toyota Formula One engine in a level of detail you will have never experienced before. RET have been given unprecedented access to the engine with the full co-operation of the entire technical team.
this year i pulled some greens from the yard to make
It was a massive crowd. A crowd that is made up of the of the middle age, the old, the young , men and women, boys and girls. A crowd that is made up of Malay, Chinese, Indians. A crowd that is made up of people wearing yellow, green and other assorted colours.
I refrigerated the filled donuts, but not the regular ones.
I’m considering writing to him now saying “If you’re wondering why I haven’t responded, it is due to the fact that you seem to be unaware that your is used as a word to describe ownership, and you’re is a contraction for you are. Did you skip the third grade?” … I decided against that, as I figured it may be a little harsh. I think I’ll just leave him hanging and if he gets annoying then he will earn himself the title “DNA- Can’t spell.” Yes, it may have been a typo or a simple error. But the fact of the matter is that I wasn’t interested in him in the first place. Therefore this is a good excuse for me to ignore him and not feel as bad about it.
Lainey: "No mom, kids have butts."
I peeked out the window and saw what I knew was going to be a spectacular sight.
Don’t come back for me
There is a lot of ugliness in Hackney but there are a few interesting places to see as well, fortunately. The first we came across was this church, St Mary of Eton. Quite frankly. I think it is an uninspired ugly lump but its origins are unusual and worth remarking upon.
Original flavour only
Better yet you can scrounge some places in around your neighborhood and see if they have the fairs. You might find some vintage 50’s 60’s fashion accessories and clothes. Guys can wear a tie-n-dye shirt with bell bottomed jeans and long hair, else they can go for a punk band shirt like The Doors teamed with a bomber jacket( which is slightly hard to find) coupled with a pair of Doc Martens and look absolutely Baaad!!!
Well done, lovely card!! Drop Kath a little email and she'll arrange for your prize to be sent to you and feel free to grab our winners blinkie from the sidebar!
You can use any stamp that you would like, but if you use a Mark's Finest Papers, a Heinrich Co stamp your name will be entered twice. You will have until Sunday 11:59pm to submit your entries. Good luck. We can't wait to see what you have in store for us this week.
After the two video versions I posted (here and here) here is a third version of this song dedicated to Zani himself. This is from the same concert and recorded by the same person as #3. Attentive listeners may have noticed that this is in fact the same song as "Bomama" by Super Biton. In his solo, after 3'08, Zani does a series of acrobatics, rolling on the floor and sliding his guitar underneath his body. Alou's singing after the solo, however, is somewhat below par. This song does give a good impression of the reception the band got from Dutch audiences.
Human life –and by extension all Life– is the greatest wealth of the new Modern Freedom paradigm, and must never again be taken lightly. Even the vilest of criminals, monsters who have proven beyond all doubt that they are unfit to share the gift of life, must be tried with every guarantee available and extreme transparency to ensure that we understand exactly why there was no other choice, and can explain it to our children so that they never forget.
Looks like I did it again - 8 days without a blog update, eek!
The Greenaways, Delia and Raymond, 21 and 23 respectively, have been joined in holy wedlock for less than a year. It is perhaps little wonder therefore that Raymond, no chorister himself, feels some annoyance at this loss of connubial evenings. He complains but of course he knows the answer.
If you head out there, check their website for the train schedule.
In November last, porn producer Hard Drive filed a complaint for copyright infringement against a single John Doe defendant for sharing copyright-protected adult video Amateur Allure Jen on BitTorrent. Among the nearly 1,500 "Does" was Ms Liuxia Wong, a California resident.
Consciousness is the arm of the point that incarnates the line in the hyperbola
I set Larry’s teeth on edge,
Any private sector employee would go on strike, quit their job and so on and so on.
More writerly? Learn French well enough to converse easily. Better? Fluently enough to translate contemporary poetry written in French.
With bad, comes good.
"Scott Nicholson explores the dark legends of the southern end of the Appalachian mountain chain, a nightmare country that ends in Stephen King's yard."-- Sharyn McCrumb, author of The Ballad novels
Do you really think you have to bring back anything? That assumes that anything was gone before, is it?
The court distinguished the situation where litigants stipulate to “representative” claims, which are tried as a proxy for all claims in a patent. The Federal Circuit indicated that a district court has declaratory judgment jurisdiction over all claims in an asserted patent when the parties stipulate that a few claims will be “representative” for purposes of the litigation. See Scanner Technologies Corp. v. ICOS Vision Systems Corp., 528 F.3d 1365, 1382-83 (Fed. Cir. 2008)(stipulation to representative claims does not limit court’s jurisdiction to hold all claims in patent invalid). In the present case, however, Streck formally limited its infringement contentions to specific claims in the patent-in-suit. Furthermore, R&DS failed to show that an actual controversy
I'm sorry for any inconvenience."
“The greatest weapon of the oppressor is the mind of the oppressed.” This quote from Steve Biko is even more poignant in the time that many have erroneously labeled “post racial.” I sense a slow, creeping, methodical emergence of the sentiments and ideology that shaped Jim Crow. Of course, the struggle for freedom and the propensity towards progress cannot be squelched for long and prosperity cannot be contained any more than darkness can contain light.
Reid has since left the suit, along with several other original plaintiffs. But through her role in the Colombia scandal, she may be changing Secret Service culture from the inside. According to the Washington Post, she was the one who rounded up the 11 implicated agents and sent them home, as well as notifying higher-ups of their alleged misconduct. Such decisive action is apparently typical of her approach. A former colleague told the Post, “If every boss was Paula Reid, the Secret Service would never have a problem. It would be a lot more boring, but never a problem.” And another agent said her reaction to the agents’ behavior was no surprise: “You did it in her house, so you better know she’s going to come down hard.”
They got four fantastic flavors of single slice pizza options: BBQ chicken, vegetable medley, chicken-spinach-mushroom, and the SIX CHEESE MEDLEY!!!! Since I like my chicken deep fried, dipped in butter and my veggies come from the garden, I went for the SIX CHEESE MEDLEY. Cheese is what pizza is all about and this slice-a-pie was tasty. It's a darn good thing there was only one slice in there or this would have contributed to my overwhelming gluttony cause I could have eaten a whole big ol' pizza pie. It was tough to resist the temptation to use the second coupon they sent me so that I could get another slice of this tasty pizza, but that one I am giving away to someone who leaves a comment on this post saying they would like to try the new Freschetta By the Slice.
We are hoping to try another walk this weekend - I think we are surprised at how much we enjoy them - exploring somewhere new, spending time together chatting away from TV, computers, bears etc - but boy are we always exhausted when we get back!!
“I don’t want any name on my grave, because I have never had a name of my own,” he told me. “I only want those two lines from Samuel Taylor Coleridge’s Kubla Khan.”
and thats the part that burns in my heart and keeps me hanging on
yaḥ sa mām eti pāṇḍava
6) We think and act with a sense of urgency.
Ram Restaurant and Brewery Salem Double Exposure IPA Double IPA "Hitting 100 IBUs is Ram Brewing’s Double Exposure IPA, crafted especially for the festival"
3 Bowker, D. & Stuart, S. (2005) Ab initio language teaching in Scottish universities, Subject Centre for Languages Linguistics and Area Studies
is a perverted and dying land ripe for Judgment, for none but the True Church
Viennese Whirls
But welcome one and all to the Fourty First Down Under Feminist Carnival.
Again if I would have thought more about it I would have realized sooner. She hates me brushing her hair or even putting it up in a pony. I thought she was just being overly sensitive. She can't stand the sound of a public toilet flushing, even now she puts her hands over her ears.
Rice Flour - 1 tbsp
Those are the most awesome words I’ve ever heard. And they’re from a self-ascribed Idiot. 2004 World Series Champs, yeah, baby! It about sums up what everyone’s aim in life should be. When everything seems hopeless, when the odds are stacked against you, there’s always something to fight for, there’s still a reason to hope and believe and to give the battle your all.
enjoy with a chutney or even on its own. they are amazingly delicious — and that's coming from a confessed sweet potato hater! :)
Suddenly the radio crackles to life. “There is a road block ahead manned by armed folks with mostly lever and bolt action deer rifles. They are blocking the roadway in front of some businesses on the left. Looks like a Chinese restaurant called Chiang’s Gourmet. Roadway is blocked with a couple of cargo containers several over turned cars and at least two Metro buses. The Metro buses are the gates, both of which external surfaces have been wrapped in industrial fencing, and enough razor wire to make Ho Chi Minh proud. The barricade is dual ringed with the cars and the cargo containers serving the outer ring, while most of the barricade interior ring is scavenged commercial fencing haphazardly welded and chained together topped with lots of rusty razor wire. The car’s width no man’s land between the two rings is liberally forested with spikey, often serrated metal punji sticks made of metal fence posts, and lots more razor wire weaved through the punji sticks.”
Not so much a won't but a can't.
Okay, so of course you need to watch the show TONIGHT at 10 EST on the Oprah Winfrey Network.
2. Root for the Philippine Azkals in a live game - Pending, but fingers crossed I’d catch their next local game. However, I must admit I’m not as enthusiastic as before. The bad rep the boys is receiving makes me feel a bit iffy.
Now please understand that I have not laid eyes on this picture in years. Months ago, I loaded up a bunch of stuff for storage and this must have been in that stuff. Bruce saw it wedged down in the folds of the seat when he was putting the groceries in the back and pulled it out not thinking anything of it. At that point in time, he did NOT know that it was the anniversary of Dad's passing. Coincidence? I don't believe in them. I was meant to be the one to unload the groceries that day. I'm convinced that was my Dad's way of saying hi and that he was around.
Today I watched you play with Freddie. You rugby tackled one another, giggled, screached, banged your heads on the wooden floors, hurt yourselves numerous times but got right back up and got on with it. I am not used to seeing you play with boys your age, younger girls maybe… but this is what Brighton’s all about. I have so much to learn about you and so glad I’m now working part time so that I can do that. Life is short and as much as I was holding my breath hoping that you wouldn’t crack your head open (!) and play safe, I was smiling inside because I’m experiencing just what I want to be; you hanging out with a friend in our home.
This is the design I used for this example. I also made the ‘vid’ column (field) in both the Interests and Committee tables a foreign key. In this way when I delete Don Howard from the Volunteer table all entries for that ‘id’ (6) will be deleted from the Interests and the Committee tables. For an explanation of foreign keys see the Session ‘How to create a foreign key’.
I feel lucky everyday. I have an amazingly wonderful husband, two gorgeous and healthy sons, a wonderful bestie, an amazing job that I love going to everyday AND I won a trip to London in June! See why I feel lucky?
Sugar cane-growing areas in Brazil, the world’s largest producer, will get rains this week, preventing the start of the new crop’s harvest, according to weather forecaster Somar Meteorologia.
It was probably the coldest day we've had so far this year in South Florida and it was slightly overcast which probably was what kept the crowds at bay so our kids could freely jump with practically no wait from one ride to another.
There are just some moments that you'll never be able to explain and never be able to forget!
Moron, that I was, I started screaming and grabbing desperately at the pile of fabric around my waist that used to be a shirt, at which point EVERYONE turns around and starts staring and my horse decides to go even faster to the point of almost bucking me off because I've decided that modesty is more important than life. Also, I forgot to pull on the reins and actually stop the horse. Like I said. Imbecile.
Pinky Brown Beetle Juice
my past is dead
It was. Writing my thesis was one of the hardest things I've ever done. The only thing I can liken the effort to is training for a marathon. I spent 6 months writing my thesis...the product of 2 years of graduate research. The last few weeks have been so unbelievably difficult. I've been in the nonstop writing phase for almost 3 weeks now and last week, I just cracked. There's only so long you can desensitize yourself to the horrific things that are going on around the world when you're writing about them around the clock.
1 curving
The Dutchess opened...and there a strange black statue with icicles sticking out fell over the threshold....CLOINK.......!!!
This is the day you longed for
Not cold as in Winter but cold as in Autumn ... when you still haven't gotten your warm clothes down from storage and all you are wearing is a Summer sweater .. when even your really cute and very comfortable boots don't keep your whole body warm, even though your toes are toasty...when you should beware of the brilliant sun which shines without any interference from any small wisp of a cloud and you are not wearing sunblock.
So if Forest City Ratner wants to conform to the letter--if not the spirit--of its pledge, it will have to open the building once in 2010. I'm predicting New Year's Eve.
Ikuisuus is A Finnish label releasing mostly experimental, psychedelic and ambient music on CD, CDR, CS and LP.
cried “My pregnant wife is in the intensive care unit.” He had nine months to
Alright, enough blabbing about my past food troubles. If you made it through all that you a high five. Or pat on the back. Your choice! If you skipped to this part where I’ll talk about the granola, I totally understand.
Sharing of information seems to be the primary drive of social media. Statuses, photos, locations and recommendations have never been easier to share than before. Facebook's frictionless sharing also have taken sharing a notch higher - which is also a bit scary if you ask me. With the growth of the cloud and mobile devices like smartphones and tablets, sharing has never been this mobile than ever before.
Well I am off to continue my evening mom taxi service. I come I go I come I go....I know alot of you KWIM.....
Before we get to the coffee shop, let’s start closer to home. With the increased prevalence of broadband (such as DSL or FIOS) in the home, people have discovered the convenience of wireless routers to configure home networks or connect mobile devices to their computers. In some cases, these routers are shipped with minimal security.
The Upsetters - Peace & Dub
The following article published in the "Times Union" is relevant to the Ridgewood Reservoir's habitats because several species of endangered, threatened and special concern designation have been identified within the basins.
The point I’m trying to make is that we focus on what we believe to be our expected pathway that we loose focus on the why?. Your why? is more than just your goal. You want to be working in your dream job. Ask yourself why? Is it because of the money? The status? The contribution? The way it makes you feel.
Whiskey writes about why conservative women don't get it, which I would generalize to why conservative women and men don't get it. The article under discussion is one by Kay Hymowitz, Where Have All the Good Men Gone?, which uses feminine shaming language and logic to indict today's young men for refusing to "man up", put away childish things, and get married. She of course ignores the nearly complete inversion of sexual values over the past 40 years or so, the existence of no-fault divorce laws - together with the fact that women initiate upwards of 75% of all divorces - man-rape in the divorce courts, the decline of the middle-class wage, and that so many of the women who want men to man up have, in the colorful words of the manosphere, ridden the cock carousel for a decade or more and are thus wholly unsuitable to be the wives of men who have a shred of self-respect as well as to raise decent children.
It's the time of the year again... children in Singapore are busy with preparations for their mid-year examinations. So we decided to stay at home as I need to supervise & help my boys with their practice papers & revision.
“We are digital immigrants. Our children are digital natives.”
Jules then demonstrates the break from his identity – he is an assassin, but rather than kill in a context that expects it, he specifically doesn’t. The impulse for this are bullets that should kill him but do not. This could be looked at as religious salvation which brings Jules to a path of penance. I look at it somewhat differently: Jules sees bullets that should kill him and do not, and sees that he is just a role in a structure, with events taking place according to the demands of the structure. He should clearly be shot, but it is necessary for this structure that he remain alive. This is no different from countless movies where major characters are the target of hundreds of bullets at close range, yet somehow the bullets always miss. This is solely because of the position of the roles, a major character shot by minor insignificant characters.
A bomb dressing, made of equal parts soy sauce and dijon mustard, with a dash of balsamic vinegar, plus salt and pepper.
Jordan Tate - On This Site - Without context, these images constitute a disjointed survey of an unremarkable landscape. On This Site, much like Sternfelds project of the same name, is an examination of the relationship between text and image. A camera has the ability to appraise a place and give validation of its significance. The photograph carries with it the intention of photographing, the weight of purpose, and the knowledge of history. These images are an exploration of the power of text and image to canonize the non-event, the minor occurrence, the history of little import.
Here are the guidelines once more:
465. Pepperoni Slice from Papa Romeo (Chicago, IL) @ JR’s Place – 2:25 P.M.
9) It will take about 30 mins to bake.
“Let’s get married, Puddin’!” Travis said to Summer one evening, as they sat out on the front porch swing eating freshly made strawberry ice cream. “You’ve been out in the sun too long today, Travis. I ain’t getting’ married again. I‘ve had enough husbands and enough children. Besides I don’t know enough about you or your family.” Summer responded. “What do you wanna know?” Travis asked. Summer replied with a question. “Why did you come to live on the Creek without your family?” “My parents just live over yonder in Middleton. You’ll get to meet them at the wedding.” Travis said. “You’re as nutty as those walnuts in that squirrel’s mouth.” Summer said as she pointed at Denny, the old squirrel that lived in the walnut tree in her front yard. “I’m not nutty!” Travis proclaimed. “I’m more sure about you then I have ever been about anything in my whole life.” Summer’s ice cream began to melt as she said yes with a kiss on Travis’ cheek.
That fish made my evening. It was getting dark so I started casting my way back around to my pickup. I was still pretty excited about that fish, so I had to force myself to keep fishing slow. A friend once told me “If you think you’re fishing too slow . . . SLOW DOWN”. This second bass didn’t hit my popper all that hard, but it went straight down as well. This guy, however, didn’t stay down. This fish was about 2.5 pounds, and it took me 3-4 minutes to land him. Loads of fun on my 4 weight with 4 pound tippet. I’m Headed back just as soon as I can. I’m hoping for lots more popper action in the coming days.
31.3.1997
3. Then I spread peanut butter on a piece of bread and cut it into squares and rectangles.
For all those hours invested in these game, for all the enjoyment I derived from the playing of them, the ending of Mass Effect 3 was an utter disappointment. There is no other way to put it. It was poorly explained, did not sensibly follow from what had come before it, and in all respects was a textbook example of poor writing. In short, the ending of the game was simply not up to par with the overall quality of the series, and when viewed as the crowning moment of the experience that is Mass Effect left me bitterly disappointed. While I do think the vehemence of some of the backlash has been unwarranted, simply dismissing it as fanboy entitlement, or claiming that people shouldn’t be upset because it is just a game are, as far as excuses go, complete and utter bullshit. I’ve talked before about the ways in which our capacity for empathy can be engaged by things which are not at all real in the classic sense of real (as well as here, though the focus in this case is dreams, rather than fiction). In a very real sense, and in a way that has absolutely nothing to do with being unable to distinguish reality from fantasy, these games, and the characters contained within, become real for us. While they might not exist, they affect and influence us in ways which have meaning.
MG: His ability to see the play happen before it happens, his knowledge of the game, and his intelligence will allow him to be a 12+ year player in the NFL. If he can stay healthy, he has a chance to be an All-Pro for a decade.
Ninety billion is a rather large number. To get a gauge of just how large, consider that 90 billion minutes ago equates to roughly 171,090 years, the moment in history when scientists believe our ancestors began preening their bodies of lice.
Chapters 1-12 in Romans give us great doctrine about the truths of salvation. This doctrine benefits us in very practical ways in day to day living. Romans Chapter 13 continues to deal with our relationships – not just with our brothers and sisters in Christ, and not just with our specific enemies – but our relationship to “higher powers.”
The ribbon roses are from the Hobby House and the flower is by Prima. Hope you'll join us.
And of course if anyone from Mulberry fancies sending me of their delicate rose gold babies I would look after it so!
I cross the Corkstown footbridge each morning to work. The City built it across the Rideau Canal several years ago, to take pedestrians from Sandy Hill to Centretown. From the center of the bridge, one can look north along the canal toward Rideau Street. The scene is beautiful and ever changing.
Binks maybe this was true in the early to mid 90's but if you haven't noticed the MAJORITY of the people living in North Seattle are Caucasian!! Please stop with the outdated assumptions I've seen countless amounts of white kids/adults driving these types of vehicles. It's pretty sad that as soon as you old folks here "Large rims" you Automatically assume it's a Gangbanger!!! Please don't quit your day jobs folks
can never be saved
MFB, as you can't judge a book by...
I stumbled upon a meeting of the Parliamentary Camra group in which I did something I've never done before in my life - I applauded a speech by a Conservative MP. The speech was on the impact on communities of pubs closing and I clapped when he promised a full inquiry into restrictive pub practises that limit consumer choice and hinder the growth of micro-breweries. He also said that the Coalition Government were determined to act to enhance the value that pubs bring to the community.
Whilst I don't want the manner of his passing to overshadow his work apparently he took his own life which makes it all the more sad. You can read the whole story at Bleeding Cool
* Before you spray glue measure you piece one more time and make sure that you still have the right the width. We had an extra 2” on each side to fold over.
Women who take the contraceptive pill or use condoms are doing so with the misconception of how effectively they prevent pregnancy, a new study has revealed.
How to be clear and concise every time – top 10 tips for cutting to the chase
SWB Kahuna, Magic Rock Cannonball, Stone IPA, Sierra Nevada Torpedo, all on draught
5. City Streets
It is quiet, but not too quiet. I opened the
17. To The Beat (feat. Walter Mecca)
“Wherever the celebrities go, they are recognized, and moreover, recognized with some excitement and awe. Whatever they do has publicity value.” -C. Wright Mills
So, the other evening, we were eating take-out Chinese. At the end of the meal, Child #4 (11 year-old daughter) cracks open her fortune cookie and reads it to herself.
A literary dinner party? Well!
I therefore put it to you that there is reasonable doubt
I kind of started this on a whim and didn't really intend on posting about it so, unfortunately, I don't have any before pictures. Let me just say, it was not a pretty sight. The cabinet under the sink was the worst culprit. Somehow I managed to stuff 13 large towels, 15 small towels, a huge array of partially used cleaning products, a waste basket, and some light bulbs under there. It was always difficult to organize due to the large pipe running through it but I found this great storage shelf at Bed, Bath and Beyond. It is adjustable to fit around the piping and works perfectly.
I will start off with the oldest song, that being No Use for a Name’s “Until It’s Gone.” No Use for a Name formed back in 1987 in San Jose, California. “Until It’s Gone” is the first track from their third release, from 1993! The first verse sums up the pollution well:
Its Tuesday and time for another TTC with the Scrappy Mom's. Instead of a Cricut challenge today the challenge is a 3-D item and you have to use a button and/or twine.
F12 went upstairs to tackle BBC Bitesize. Pokémon-type noises soon issued from what is laughingly called the Study.
If you click on this thumbnail you can see a giant version of the panel.
I'll tell you know that I knew enough to know that there was NO POINT in trying to to detailed beer reviews. With maybe a couple dozen stands of different beers, I'll just hit the highlights. I counted a couple hundred people in the quaint rodeo stadium while I was there. Live music going on in the back, but not too loud. And a special stand with rare beers being tapped every half hour.
May is a difficult month for so many in the widowed community.
It matters because the signs that we wear at the Kensington Clinic are likely the last prolife messages that these women will see before making a final decision about the wee life they are carrying. It matters because we are a last line of defence. It matters because God loves these families... and so too must we. It matters because "they will know we are Christians by our love". It matters because we want the signs to be compelling - because this is life and death we're talking about.
There is so much to do, seven days were not nearly enough to enjoy all the natural attractions. There are countless bushwalks to take including a trek up Mt Gower. This is an iconic peak at the southern end of Lord Howe Island, rising 875m from sea level. The walk is around 14km return and takes about 8.5 hours to complete, so you need to be in good health but given it’s one of the top 20 day walks in Australia I am told it is well worth the effort. Yes, you guessed it I didn’t actually do it.
Eva, over at Untrodden Paths, has passed on the Versatile Blog award to my blog and several others. I'm rather touched as I find Eva very inspiring and her blog motivates me to try all sorts of different things. Apparently I need to share seven things you might not know about me and pass the award on to fifteen other blogs... I'll do my best with the blogs but here are seven things you might not know about me:
3/20/2012 Sparks, NV – The Alley
4) Using editing apps too much. Sometimes people are like children in sweet shops when they discover the massive variety of apps you can use.
3. Is it flexible? Yes. It works in a variety of circumstances. If a person turns out to be trustworthy than it works. However, it also allows for the possibility that there may be people who aren’t.
Last spring my friend Monica hosted a challenge to create a layout using UGLY papers. It was a really fun challenge. She recently revamped the challenge at ScrapFreak with the twist that we use papers that we LOVED or inspired us.
It gives you just about almost everything you must look and feel ideal for that occasion. And did additionally you recognize that the colour red has long been scientifically verified to elevate your self-confidence? Yup, it is really certainly a must-own look-effortlessly-hot product!
When I do all the talking, I come away with no real sense of the nature of the problem and how to best fix it. My child reverts to silence and the occasional ‘yes’ or ‘no’ answer. This denies me the two things that I — and all parents — need most: more information as to what exactly is going wrong and secondly for the child to learn the lesson and remember it long enough to put in an improved performance at the next opportunity.
Ender's skills make him a leader in school and respected in the Battle Room, where children play at mock battles in zero gravity. Yet growing up in an artificial community of young soldiers Ender suffers greatly from isolation, rivalry from his peers, pressure from the adult teachers, and an unsettling fear of the alien invaders. His psychological battles include loneliness, fear that he is becoming like the cruel brother he remembers, and fanning the flames of devotion to his beloved sister.
Galvion spoke of Skyrim and all of it’s mods as well as his decision not to play Mass Effect 3.
And, being no more in debt to years than thou,
“It’s hard to see a positive when you have the finish we had,” he said. “There are some positives, some building blocks.”
Publishers must collect the full value of the premium plus an additional penny to qualify the subscription or single copy as paid circulation.
For one thing, he might try reading both of these holy books he’s just learned about, and try to decide whether one or other of them really is the word of the all-powerful creator of the Universe. He might try to reach a decision about this by examining what’s written in these books, and the claims they make for these religions, and doing his best to determine which one (at a minimum) of the two was most probably made up by some humans in a more primitive society, who were struggling to understand the world and whose lack of modern knowledge shows through in what we now see as misconceptions in their writings. Presumably, any text actually inspired by an omnipotent and omniscient deity would look decidedly different from that.
3. Bake in the preheated oven until the tops are lightly golden, 10 to 15minutes.
"No CEO of a construction firm could have passed the buck in the way you have tried to do. In the end it's your company, your employees, your profits and your responsibility."
Next up... Toe Nash! Looks like this is the all-justice-system pack. Toe spent a year in the minors and was, for a while, highly praised and considered to be the next big thing. He was later arrested numerous times and is now a registered sex offender.
14. My cycle is only 24 days long, which is apparently normal in some people, but sucks.
I hope you all have a good couple of weeks and I will report in soon. I have 2 mini albums to make and I have just finished 2 mini's for friends in America. Kelli and her daughter. I will post pictures when I can get them taken. I need to get them posted this week sometime.
Mr. Riggs’s book, and indeed his paranormal investigations, were inspired initially by strange lights and energies found in the Big Thicket, that have been seen since the earliest days of white settlement in that area. Riggs has encountered these anomalies in other parts of the world, and he has concluded that they form the first act, as it were, of a sequence of strange phenomena. An understanding of them is fundamental to understanding Riggs’s work and findings.
You’re not broken anymore, you’re not captive anymore
(Or Science Fiction, if you prefer. When I was a teenager, Science Fiction fans were as curmudgeonly as jazz buffs and used to think the term 'Sci Fi' a terrible insult, but I've always rather liked it; it captures the slightly hand-made, fun aspect of the genre which is what I always liked best about it. )
about 1.5-2 cups of sugar
A loss in Michigan and the general lack of enthusiasm would mean an end to the Romney campaign. He’d stay in as he DOES have the money and organization but the State’s going into the loss column will greatly out number the winning States.
Here's mine. I'm not going into the "Gingerbread house making business" anytime soon... lol but I had fun making it anyway. I'll make one anytime.. someone else is doing all the baking, making, decorating , set up and clean up ...like Jess and Steph did. lol No sure I'd be ambitious enough to do it all myself.
1 cup of baking soda
Jumping off my scooter I fly to the patio, not dripping but pouring water from my hat, sleeves, coat, legs everything! I noticed that I was being watched by a very corporate looking guy in a shirt and tie who was having a burger. Not surprising, I was quite the spectacle with my big yellow raincoat, camera, purse and backpack.
So it was that I discovered while reading this collection that Linda Chase had endured the same type of death as O’Faolain, from cancer. It is a hard thing for the living to write about the largest elephant in any room, death, because we normally never see it coming from the close range that Sorescu, O’Faolain and Chase have. I am honoured to have known Linda Chase through her work. I only wish I had known her in life.
The winners will be voted by all participating EvaDress customers, fellow entrants and members (followers) of this blog.
While we were in OK visiting family in August we got to see one of the prettiest backyards courtesy of our hosts Debbie & Pat. They purchased their home a little over a year ago and ever since Debbie has been working away at the backyard. And I have to say all of her hard work has truly paid off!
The company continued its phenomenal growth for decades and grew larger and larger. By 1977 the company’s workforce was already over 300,000 personnel. Revenues reached $50 billion in 1985. Those figures are staggering even by today’s standards.
I will forever be grateful to BugMan1 and his forgetful/slacker habits.
No state should have the right to see a citizen's private credit card statements and try to prosecute that citizen because they went to another state to purchase anything that did not include their home states sales tax.
13. Lizzard. This little monster looks prehistoric.
I’ve let her words permeate my being, and they truly resonate with me. It’s likely that all people have all three, but may not be aware of what’s involved for them to be truly present.
the mental health of all those thousands of individuals who seem incapable of exhibiting any outrage at all. It’s not unreasonable to suspect that a psychiatrist would express concern if the first reaction of the next of kin of a murder victim was to stress the importance of showing the rest of the world how much love they were capable of exhibiting or started to sing in public to prove to the murderer that he/she hadn’t managed to extinguish the flame inside their
Many people also have the habit of judging what you have accomplished with your age, and normally this conversation would be initiated during a birthday party.. I should be proud of this, but I know that some people would resent that fact, so I keep mum about it too.
・ Quick-Shift Focus system for instant switching to manual-focus operation, after the subject is captured in focus by the AF system
Bathroom: White and black, along with some silver
I do not know why vote-catching gimmicks remind me of a mousetrap in which the poor creature, if it falls for the bait, is gone for good. It may be my psychic problem but the fact remains the elections are getting both hysterical and theatrical. The hype and hoopla associated with this momentous event in the life of the nation ends up recreating the atmosphere of a circus show or carnival.
What is important about becoming aware of your own response to anger (in yourself or others) is your knowledge of what you are modeling or communicating to your child. If you want others to hurt inside when you are mad, what will the effect be on your child if you make comments that cause him to feel bad about himself? If you need to be alone when you are mad, how will you handle this need if you are raising a young child and it is just the two of you?
The administration continued to stand by this decision for two weeks after the rig exploded, and asserted that the disaster would in no way lessen its support for the lifting of a moratorium on offshore drilling off the Atlantic coast. As White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs maintained to reporters a few days after the rig explosion, "In all honesty I doubt this is the first accident that has happened and I doubt it will be the last. We need the increased production. The President still continues to believe the great majority of that can be done safely, securely and without any harm to the environment."[11] [12]
Which version of Van Halen are you a fan of?
Through vast canyons, horses run while slowly
I consider this family to be part of mine, and the loss is tremendous. An amazing young man with so much to give; involved in leadership in his church, inputting into the lives of others, impacting so many people (possibly without even knowing), gentle, loving, caring, gifted.
me write.
make your own kind of music even if nobody
Will anyone like me?
On every party wall and FB group possible the race talk has flared up….even the Pantomime getting cussed. Yesterday a man tell me go and find ah wuk…because clearly anybody who writing a daily blog that criticises our government is lazy and shiftless.
“Why? You promised me.”He look at me with such a sorrowful eyes and it makes my heart hurt.
i love you, baby girl!
Being goal-oriented means you have a focus and outcome in mind. Sometimes in art, that has to be general since we want the over-all outcome to be creative, not totally predicted.
Praying that this Lenten season brings you closer to God.
As part of our attempt to be and stay healthy, we recently got one of those high-powered water toothpick thingies. We had one for years and loved it; having such clean teeth and gums gave us more energy and overall better health. Even the kids liked to use it. But over the years, it was used less and less, sitting on the counter top each day mocking us as we tried to turn our heads and avoid eye contact. Eventually we could not stand the shame and threw it out.
I am also impressed with the sheer number of people that came out to give him love. I know it absolutely made his day, even those who could only pop by for half an hour… so thankyou!
I treat travelling as a way to explore, contemplate and self-reflect. Admittedly, aside from discovering something extraordinary about the place I also discover something remarkable about myself, just like Elizabeth Gilbert’s search for everything across Italy, India and Indonesia. Traveling is for anyone who’s ever felt stuck.
Add chopped fruit to a large serving bowl. Pour wine and honey over fruit and toss to incorporate the flavors. Let sit for thirty minutes. Garnish with almonds or walnuts and serve. You can serve this in pretty dessert cups. Be sure that each serving gets a splash of the wine/honey dressing.
I got the older two off to school. I had an appt that morning to get my hair fixed...cause I messed it up...cause I think I can do these things Nemo, but you just cant....
The Vegetables: There are some veggies that I always seem to have on hand, and since these sandwiches are rarely a planned meal, those are the ones you find in these recipes. But it would be fun to experiment with other vegetables in these sandwiches too.
Chicken with Forty Cloves of Garlic
The Avalon: A mist shrouded lodge, full of mystery.
And this is brought to you by Corona Extra, the No.1 Mexican Beer in Las-Carretes, Ampang. My advice to my lovely readers is to read this when you are feeling full. Not advisable during midnight or anytime feeling hungry. Reason? I am actually hungry right now when writing this post and the following photos just made me got even hungrier fml
Protein rest at 125 degrees for 30 minutes
Tonight Hugh was kneeling and saying his prayers. ..
Perhaps, most tellingly, while she vacations in Biarritz—a town near the Bay of Biscay in France—she gets into a conversation with a Swedish woman named Lena (Carita) who is much more gregarious than she is (hell, when they meet, she's sunbathing while fully topless); while they both share a drink, Lena calls over a couple of guys and starts flirting with them. What does Delphine do while all this goes down? She just sits there, looking more uncomfortable by the minute, not even bothering to jump into the conversation even when Lena tries to give her cues to join in. Finally, she can't take it anymore, gets up and flees back to her hotel room, already thinking of leaving the next day.
You're in the mood for a dance
As requested by a pre-wedding broadcast over the park’s loudspeaker, not one engine was revved during the ceremony.
The aircraft will fly low over the company’s site on Victory Road at about 09:00 BST on Friday as part of a week-long visit to the UK.
John Hales is a successful businessman in the toy trade and hit the jackpot in making Teletubbies dolls. He formed Golden Bear Products in 1979 with Christine Nicholls and the company, which has its headquarters in Telford, Shropshire, is one of the UK’s leading manufacturers of quality and reliable toy products. Hales, who was previously managing director of Chad Valley Toys, is now chairman of Golden Bear Products and the business looks set for another hugely successful year having been selected to produce soft toys of Wenlock, Mandeville and Pride the Lion – the official mascots of the London 2012 Olympic Games, the Paralympics and Team GB. In the horseracing world, Hales is also a successful owner too and One Man, one of the most popular chasers, carried his colours with distinction and won 17 races for him. Tragically he sustained a fatal injury in the Melling Chase over the Mildmay Course at Aintree in 1998. Trained for him by Gordon Richards, the grey had provided him with some unforgettable memories, winning the King George VI Chase twice, the Hennessy Gold Cup and the Queen Mother Champion Chase. Hales may have felt one success in that latter race was as much as could be asked, but along came the Paul Nicholls-trained Azertyuiop to win the race for him again in 2004, having won the Arkle Trophy in 2003. Other good horses he has had in recent years include Noland, while his present star is the grey novice Al Ferof. Hales has also tasted success with top-class showjumper Arko, ridden by Nick Skelton, whose sons Dan and Harry are both employed by Paul Nicholls. The owner’s daughter Lisa runs Shaw Farm Stud in Shropshire, one of the UK’s leading breeding operations for equestrian sport horses.
After several weeks, the fortress walls of Crockett’s peace of mind were completely whittled down, & all the eternal frontiersman could think about was how hard it was not to hate his roomie, the incorrigible rattlesnake who possessed, it seemed, a colossus contempt for all critters other than himself.
Mohammad Salman Hamdani, 23, New York, N.Y.
And that’s where it all falls apart.
After explaining this Lehrer writes:
Thank you God! Thank you world! I am most GRATEFUL!
In fact, I only recommend a wristband if you want to see many bands in many locations over 3 or more nights.
A fun and engaging book that adds humor to learning. With the catchy rhyming verses and illustrations, children can learn and grow with this book. Each page has a humorous description as well as factual information that can encourages readers at all levels of learning. Take a look at the author's webpage and you will find additional resources how to utilize this book into your classroom lesson plan.
The point of this post is not how much we do (or not do) or how I feel taken advantage of (well, kind of), but what happened next. My wonderful husband talked me out of a freak out. He told me that, despite what may be the end result, I was helping someone. And that I need to remember this. Then, as we were saying family prayers later, he prayed that the person that came to our door was a good person.
I had to stop in Central Square today to buy stamps. It was peaceful, standing there in line, waiting my turn. Looking down that long lobby, I was struck by how much I used to enjoy the post office growing up. The one in my hometown was a quiet, solemn space that had metal garage door-like shades, which came down over the windows when the clerks closed for the afternoon. I remember wandering around the lobby while my mother handled her errands. I loved peaking through the plastic doors of the post boxes to see how much mail was packed inside, wondering who these people were that didn’t use the mailbox at their own houses. I’d watch those who came toward me, hoping to see someone who could unlock the mystery of the tiny doors.
“What do we always do?” Hood answered Tanner’s question with one of his own.
Claro M. Recto, Ramon Diokno, Jose O. Vera, Alejo Mabanag, Jose B. Laurel, Jr. and Antonio Barredo for petitioner.
“We’re proud to welcome yet another one of the state’s emerging and innovative Craft distilleries to the KDA,” said Jeff Conder, Chairman of the KDA Board of Directors and Vice President of Americas Operations for Beam, Inc. “Our Craft members are an important part of our organization, and we look forward to working with them to promote and protect our signature Bourbon and distilled spirits industry,” Conder said.
Child Protective Services, please don’t wait any longer.
#3 – Elisha DEMONSTRATED APPRECIATION AND GRATITUDE. Elisha didn’t take the woman’s kindness for granted. When someone takes the time to show us love and kindness, we should express our thankfulness. Remember: Gratitude is never INVISIBLE or SILENT. Just as we don’t want to miss the opportunity to serve others, we also don’t want to miss the opportunity to thank others. So, who has gone the extra mile for you? How can you tangibly express your appreciation for them?
Alice gets caught by Mommy but she stabs Mommy with a kitchen knife and the boys burst through the stairs and kill her. Daddy goes down to get Fool in the vault but Fool has wired up the explosives. He gives a Daddy a chance but he’s just a mad dog and Fool detonates the explosive and the Vault and goes kablooey and Daddy gets blasted through a wall and into the sewer dead. The money gets grabbed by everyone and the boys from the under the stairs escape into the night.
Why, she was asked, is there "a common perception held by many young people that the U.S. is anti-Muslim?"
Sunday, 4/15. On the schedule 12. To do: 13.1. Because the idea of 7 half-marathons from January 28 ’til the marathon sounds way more impressive. Especially after I did the math and it was in 11 weeks. 7 half-marathons in 11 weeks. Wow.
Established in 1903, Mountainair soon attracted the attention of Clem “Pop” Shaffer, a blacksmith who arrived in 1908 to work his trade and sell useful items like caskets and coffins. Mr. Shaffer built a hotel out of wood which promptly burned down. So, in 1923, he built another hotel, this one out of cast concrete and various bits of iron that he collected from wherever he could. This hotel would not burn down.
The teenager, who cannot be identified, refused to have sex with one of the men who then turned on her.
After waiting for a long time at Pendra Road Station, Gaurella, I caught a train to Jabalpur, 1st AC. That was a first for me and very nice. One of the co-passengers was a French Software Engineer, who came to India via trains. He had seen Khajuraho, Bandhavgarh Sanctuary (no tigers) and was on his way to see Sanchi. He had learnt Hindi consonants and did not know how to combine them with vowels, so I showed him. The highlight of this journey was that I saw the Sun literally sink into the horizon, a first time for me. Previously the horizon was obscured by mists (coastal areas) or by buildings (urban areas). I naturally got all excited by this. The MP tourism hotel in Jabalpur was called Kalchuri Residency and it was quite nice. Right outside you can get the best Poha in the world!
It was one of those garden centres that sells many other things....... crafts, books, gadgets to name but a few, as well as thousands of indoor and outdoor plants and things to do with gardening. There were also small pets, but although I enjoyed looking at all the rabbits and equipment, I left that department hurriedly.
Yusssss. Bring on the scrunchies, jelly shoes, and Pop Rocks!
I was telling my sister last night it really brings me joy to see my dog Brooklyn play & enjoy himself with his toys. It seems as if he’s never had any toys before!
If you saw my earlier post I told you I was looking for motivation. I got motivated enough to do one of the projects I talked about. The lampshade didn’t look fallish… but it inspired me!
Before I tell you the story of my wedding day below, I'd like to ask you all to stop by and wish someone special a Happy Birthday!
Well, your time has arrived, dear Gemini. This week, the Sun enters your sign boosting your energy, giving you an opportunity to recharge your batteries for the rest of the year. Yay! In particular, it will inexplicably attract people and opportunities to you. (Milk this for all its worth because this doesn't happen all the time.) For example, the next month is the only time all year when the Sun will be in Gemini. This also marks the beginning of your personal year (birthday to birthday), so it certainly behooves you to develop a rough expectation of what you want this year to be all about. (It never hurts to have a plan, Stan.) What's it going to be?
So, school is my empty dinner bowl. I keep wanting to fill it up. I’m still hungry for more. I could take in much more if I could fill it.
DUNN PAUL 49 M 2010-02-26, farm mgr, Constantia Products, Letsitele Limpopo
“She must have her tits screwed on,” he remarked.
"Ladies and Gentlemen, this ends our ceremony. Please pick up your
Pictures below are of last week at the base "Tumbling For Tots" program. At the same time, in the same gym, there was an exercise for a military style funeral. It was very strange sitting there watching my full of life, energetic babies run amok, while right behind them there was a 'funeral' going on.
Easter Egg Hunt at park.
Source: Review copy from Carina
I wanted to take this time to wish you a Happy Mother's Day. I know it is still a waiting period for you, but that in no way means you are forgotten on this day.
Martini? 'Petra offered. Oh sorry, I forgot. 'Petra snapped her fingers again and a bottle of Moët appeared along with two Champagne flutes. I must have inherited my taste of Champagne from you dear Auntie. They clinked their crystal glasses and took a sip. We don't have that long, but I thought I'd come and pay my final respects in person, 'Petra said smiling.
Others say
1/2 tsp baking soda
To put the matter very simply—did you ever hear of Mr. Rowland Hill’s illustration of the cat and the sow? I will give it in my own fashion, to illustrate our Savior’s expressive words—“Ye must be born again”. Do you see that cat? What a cleanly creature she is! How cleverly she washes herself with her tongue and her paws! It is quite a pretty sight! Did you ever see a sow do that? No, you never did. It is contrary to its nature. It prefers to wallow in the mire. Go and teach a sow to wash itself, and see how little success you would gain. It would be a great sanitary improvement if swine would be clean. Teach them to wash and clean themselves as the cat has been doing! Useless task. You may by force wash that sow, but it hastens to the mire, and is soon as foul as ever. The only way in which you can get a sow to wash itself is to transform it into a cat; then it will wash and be clean, but not till then! Suppose that transformation to be accomplished, and then what was difficult or impossible is easy enough; the swine will henceforth be fit for your parlor and your hearth-rug. So it is with an ungodly man; you cannot force him to do what a renewed man does most willingly; you may teach him, and set him a good example, but he cannot learn the art of holiness, for he has no mind to it; his nature leads him another way. When the Lord makes a new man of him, then all things wear a different aspect. So great is this change that I once heard a convert say, “Either all the world is changed, or else I am.” The new nature follows after right as naturally as the old nature wanders after wrong. What a blessing to receive such a nature! Only the Holy Ghost can give it.
A business card
The literary dynasty of the Desai's has been high on my list this year (although I haven't reviewed all I read), as has filling in the gaps of my Rushdie reading (ditto: sometimes I simply want to savor a book, not critique it).
We seek to provide a space for the fusion of aesthetics, sound, and natural living, in an atmosphere of interactive co-creation so we may share in moments that are transformative and inspiring, based in a deep respect for our community and environment.
All the colors of my life are different shades of blue.
The LP’s first single, “War & Peace” started with Trabucco playing her vintage guitar in her bedroom. It underwent a few changes and Big Scary could cover the finished product with ease. Thankfully, the band admits that it still retains the driving charm that the original had and it also includes some gorgeous lead vocals. These feminine sounds prove a refreshing diversion because the remainder of the cuts are led by Ballantyne whose tones can sit anywhere along the scale of harmonious and pleasant to plain androgynous, although in “I Don’t Wanna” they also seem rather whiny. “Packin’ For Paris” also boasts some great vocal work with some smile-inducing acrobatics reaching up for the sky making the effort sound like it was made by a sixties vocal group. Nice.
So, a butterfly wedding theme is a perfect way to symbolize new life as a married couple.
The people of Wooton Bassett have taken to welcoming those brave young men home, standing along the roadside in silent tribute and comforting the families of the dead. Over the months and years more and more have travelled to join them until the repatriations have become a sombre, but hugely well attended and symbolic event. Those who come do not do it for the cameras, or or the bemused and patronising journalists who turn up to record what is to them a bizarre spectacle. Way out of sight of the cameras, along the roadside and in the lay-bys they stand silently and they salute, as the tragic cavalcade goes by, carrying those they have come to mourn.
Ten years. Now that we are in college together, I know that we can make it for life.
The emphasis in this approach is on retribution and punishment. Yet anyone who has had dealings with victims of the violence in Northern Ireland knows full well that most just want to know what happened to their loved ones. Who killed their father, brother, son, mother, sister, wife? Why did they do it, and did their loved one suffer?
On the south carolina insurance comapny in the south carolina insurance comapny in the south carolina insurance comapny a proud statement of the south carolina insurance comapny of the nation's ultra-low mortgage rates. Mortgage interest rates are at the south carolina insurance comapny is now one of four accredited four-year schools in the south carolina insurance comapny a lot about the south carolina insurance comapny in Georgetown county and a $10,000 in property damage coverage also when an accident occurs. Residents of the south carolina insurance comapny a quiet, private home with a wider range of responsible investments-when one category declines, another invariably performs better, thus profiting overall.
posted by kennamatic at
In view of the significant benefit to stakeholders of developing a transparent and harmonized approach to a global classification system for patent documents; in order to make the search process more effective; and in the belief that cooperation between their two offices will facilitate progress in undertaking classification harmonization projects under the IP5 Common Hybrid Classification initiative, the USPTO and the EPO have agreed together to work toward the formation of a partnership to explore the development of a joint classification system based on the European Classification system (ECLA) that will incorporate the best classification practices of the two offices. This system would be aligned with the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) classification standards and the International Patent Classification (IPC) structure. Accordingly, they have initiated discussions on governance and operational aspects of such a partnership.
By using nylon as a binder, Kamrin and Debbie could keep the costs low for us as dollmakers (and you as the ones who buy our dolls). Even more important than the costs is the quality of the yarn. It takes me about seven to eight hours to crochet a wig for my 50cm dolls - and after all that labour, I would want a wig to last, and a good binder is a necessity for strength and durability.
I love the reality that Jesus, as our Rescuing Rabbi, sets the tempo of the dance of our living and worshiping.
I guess we all go through this at some stage – somewhere towards the end of the middle of our novels. Knowing that is useful to me: it’s happened before and it will happen again. How do I get out of it? I carry on writing.
My friend is a fellow Scot exiled in Japan where she founded, teaches and supports an energy healing center: with its main adherents coming to a peaceful country setting to learn how to heal themselves, and returning home equipped to continue the process. Alongside this laudable enterprise, she mistressminds an indy publishing house, with titles simultaneously appearing in both English and Japanese.
An East Vancouver man taking out the trash one morning says a police officer threw him up against a fence and tossed him on the ground. More officers showed up. One put a knee on his neck, another put a knee on the back of his legs, and the remaining officers began to kick him as he lay, pinned, on the sidewalk.
…five childrens’ furrowed faces break to grins.
The on-screen chemistry between Chase and D’Angelo is fascinating to watch, because they’re amazing together without really being amazing together. Theirs is a very subtle relationship, with Clark sometimes seemingly oblivious to just how great his wife is to him, and for him. Clark repeatedly gets lost in the quest for the perfect moment as Ellen subtly stands by to prop him up.
Four in the morning and they called Herman in
Although some areas of your body may deserve more attention than others (think hips, pecs, and thoracic region of your back), it is imperative to recall that you are currently preparing your body for an upcoming training session. Therefore, it is clear that you will elicit a profound chemical response on behalf of your dynamic warmup, strength training, and conditioning/speed work. Despite the fact that the post-workout period and non-training days could (and should) serve as an opportunity to “dig in”, a brief five to ten minutes at the start of your training session should provide the necessary benefits without negatively affecting your workout.
With a reported 30 to 50 per cent of U.S. teens consuming energy drinks, and as many as 62 per cent drinking at least one sports drink per day, it is important to educate parents and young adults about the downside of these drinks.
“I hope you’re right,” mused the manager as he wandered off.
Painting and drawing is definately the medium right now, but more in the form of cartoonish drawing, childish narrative and figuration of some sort. The art market is booming, and a major part of it is being cool. Collectors want to be young and cool like the cool kids making the art and running the galleries. Cool kids want to be famous and rich in some sort of arty way and it is all becoming a vescious frenzy that will sping out of control. It’sthe ‘80s again. The art world wants to be just like Hollywood, and pop music. The art world has its own celbrity’s and “it” boys and “it” girls. And also “it” mediums, or styles, and right now, it’s about drawing shows with work best described as graffiti meets awkward summer days of the late 70s-early 80s with a touch of shock -value sexual confusion. And while the up-and-comer gallerists et al fight hand over fist to represent the next gawky kid in process of getting a BFA, that sort of painting & drawing’s moment is already just about over. It’s like the verse in the title track of Sgt. Pepper’s Lonely Hearts Club Band: “It was 20 years ago today/Sgt. Pepper taught the band to play/they’ve been goin’ in and out of style/but they’re guaranteed to raise a smile…” Nothing dies or goes away, it just comes in and out of style. This goes for art much beyond ye olde painting & drawing. Now it seems that this metaphorical swinging pendulum every one is always talking about is moving faster and faster as the art world becomes more and more obsessed with being a part of pop culture.
Kari Berit provides age-assertive strategies for dealing with issues facing seniors and their adult children. As speaker, coach, and consultant she works to create solutions-oriented environments for planning and managing activities that enhance the health of seniors. She has 18 years of experience designing and teaching programs for older adults, and 13 years of experience as a resident manager, dementia care specialist, and activity and housing director for senior housing communities.
Oh - before we forget - download the LoveTel Motel MP3. It's free! Tell your friends. Sweet.
ELEANOR (walking behind him and putting her hands on his shoulders): Franklin, you are a good man. Trust your instincts. Think about putting to people to work, the way you did when you were Governor. Just try something – anything - but do it FAST.
In a 1-quart measuring cup with a spout (for convenience), whisk together the cream, sugar, whole egg, yolk and vanilla, and pour the mixture over the apples. (If you had big apples or lots of them, you might not use all the custard - don't force it; the custard should come just below the crust's rim.)
And the recognition of its unlimited potential
Pretty Nails with one of my cupcakes.^_^
I had a general idea of how I wanted the finished wreath to look, but really just allowed the natural flow of creativity to guide me more than anything, and so it actually turned out very different than I had initially imagined.
Milani Brow Tint pen in Dark Brown (brows)
Tupper nodded and wheedled, “I could go on ahead… just in case.”
In November Porgie went in to have her teeth cleaned again. The dentist revealed that the fillings on both sides had now fallen out. He also mentioned that she had more decay in those teeth, which meant that she would need crowns placed on those teeth. I was livid. This fucking dentist and his inability to correctly place a filling was ruining my daughter's teeth.
It was hard. Sometimes it was unpleasant. My body was definitely mad at me and fighting back, particularly early in the week. Lots of (for lack of a better word) sh!t came out. It took a couple of days for my colon to relax and release its hold on a lot of the muck that was clogging it up.
aapish tamne
The jacket helped to brighten up this otherwise somber outfit. The colors blended perfectly with the deep purple pants, and helped to bridge the pale pink cardigan with the darker pieces. I hated having to take it off once I got into my office.
I just finished reading Jerry Bridges book titled “Trusting God” and it occurred to me that we are lacking literature that deals with this most important subject matter. With tens of thousands of books published every year, why are there not more on trusting God? After all, isn’t that what the Christian life is all about? Instead, Christian publishers give us book after book dealing with “self-help” matters which only serve to keep our focus on the “self” and away from God. I guess you might call this a self-help book, but not of the same variety we have come to expect and that fill our bookstores. Bridges gives us self-help by way of self-surrender to God.
Here is my handsome little 4th grader.....
* UPDATE 25/4/12 Would you believe it, I’ve since found out that Bessant and Drury’s ice-cream isn’t ‘nut free’ after all. It’s made in a factory where nuts are present. Unfortunately their website states ‘nut free’ here, which I’m sure is just an oversight and a result of the fact that labelling laws are so confusing. Still, only serves to prove my point, I guess! They remain egg, soya, gluten and dairy free…
Revolution lettuce (June?).
My only experience of the city before moving here was through this series of novels. They have a special place in my heart, maybe they even drew me here. The friends I found, the life we led back in the late 1990's in our cool but tatty victorian apartment building paralleled that of those fictional characters. Not just in the partying and dating, but in the warm and genuine nature of the bond we shared. I love my city. Despite being far too far away from my family in England, it is truly my home.
4 tablespoons unsalted butter (room temp)
5. Give up your limiting beliefs about what you can or cannot do, about what is possible or impossible. From now on, you are no longer going to allow your limiting beliefs to keep you stuck in the wrong place. Spread your wings and fly!
. . . he screams every time he sees a "truck" or a "bus" or a "car" when we are driving around. when we pull up next to one, he starts waving at the driver and says "hiiiii!" from the backseat.
But I am rather fond of thingamajigs :-)
After the quiz, I stayed in Belfast for a couple more days and went to four more schools - Thompson, Kells & Connor, St Paul’s and St Bernard’s - many thanks to everyone who organised the visits and came along to hear me speak.
website and blog.
(BARACK sits up in bed, startled.)
Added Corso, “It is true enlightenment.”
Until 1825 all marriages and burials in the borough had to be performed in St Mary's. In the church grounds, the headstones show how varied the trades and professions in the town were in the 18th and 19th centuries: an inn keeper, a rope maker and a glass cutter lie close to the grave stone of William Hawks. Hawks was an important figure in the development of Gateshead's industrial prosperity and one of several notable residents buried here.
Jesus is however a careful teacher so makes sure we don't get him wrong by adding a plain language summary at the end of the Matthew 25 passage:
On January 31st they appeared as the special musical guests on Fox’s hit TV series GLEE where they performed “Smooth Criminal” in the Michael Jackson tribute episode. This was the first time that an instrumental duo had performed on the show in this coveted guest spot. The 2CELLOS’ arrangement of the song, which featured actors Grant Gustin and Naya Rivera, sold incredibly well debuting at #10 on the Billboard Hot 100 Digital Songs Chart and landing the 2CELLOS album in the Top 100.
We LOVE it and believe you will too! Even if you don't use MOH, you can use WonderMaps as a complete maps studies to complement any curriculum or study~
Yeah, that thing on her back…like wings? It is a bow.
3. Clouds
They are also a reminder that bullshit is not good for business.
Thin Mint Truffles
- NYX matte lipstick: 20% off
Tear pitas in half (this time I used thin buns). Smother in olive oil and bake in 350 degree oven for a few minutes on each side. If you like them crispy do it longer! Then, break them into smaller chip sized pieces.
The monsoon season is drawing to a close now. Back in October, everyone was preparing for the worst, since conventional wisdom has it that every five years, there’s a major flood in Jakarta (this being the fifth since the last biggie). We seemed to have dodged the bullet. Sure, there were some heavy rains and high water, but being a native Houstonian, I didn’t find them to be exceptional.
Lifes battles don’t always go
For a moment she just lay there, too stunned to move, stars circled in front of her eyes. She shook her head and pushed her body upright, kneeling and then she stood to dust off the dirt and ash. A wave of dizziness hit her and she thought she was going to be sick, but the air thinned and cleared, enough for her to see hazy outlines of trees, buildings, and maybe life. She sprang up ignoring the pungent fumes and humid air; she was going to die if she didn’t get out of here, she felt certain of that. Her visions had never been like this, ever. This felt very real. She darted in the direction that was free of smog. Perspiration broke out across her back and she covered her mouth as best she could.Where the hell am I and what on earth is going on? Instinct told her, she had astrally projected once more, but this did little to comfort her. The view cleared even more, to reveal utter devastation, some kind of disaster must have happened, row upon row of small wooden buildings had been torched, and only charcoal, skeletal, frames remained. Everything was black or smoldering. Clouds of smoke were filling the air again, she called out, but there was no one to hear her futile cries.
Tom and I continued drinking the Bramble Rye even though it made us cringe with every sip. Even right now I have the goblet with some of Tom's leftover Bramble Rye in it and the smell is making me want to gag. Tom also told me that he almost threw up in the middle of the night after drinking it.
Many of the breweries at the Festival are available at bars and pubs around town, so it wasn’t all new to the beer-lovers in our group. But there were smaller breweries that are up and comers. Mile Marker is a brewery in St. Augustine we never heard about and fully intend to visit on our next road trip. Not only were their brews intriguing and the team behind the table friendly, come on… it’s like an hour’s drive away. How could you not? Each of their offerings at the Festival were tasty.
In the first use, it is an insult. In the others, it is not, but is very colloquial. Don´t say boludo to your boss or your girlfriend´s parents, as an example.
From a Sermon by Thomas Doolittle (c.1630-1707)
Wash whole sprigs of dill, pat dry and lay in pan. Place 4-6 thinly sliced lemon slices over top. Lay salmon over the dill/lemon. Drizzle a tiny bit of olive oil over top and a small amount of salt & pepper.
All proposed bylaw revisions were approved!
5:45 am-Alarms goes off. Press snooze until 6:15 am. Roll out of bed, shower quickly, and go with my wash-and-go do or a pony tail. Apply minimal amounts of make-up which includes foundation, powder, and mascara.
The CTS pamphlet says...
Aneesh Chopra is the U.S. Chief Technology Officer and Assistant to the President and Associate Director for Technology at the Office of Science and Technology Policy
One morning while I was there I caught part of a TV book programme that practically made me want to emigrate. Umberto Eco and Jean-Claude Carrière were being interviewed about a book they had written together called N'espérez pas vous débarrasser des livres. My French is far from perfect but I did understand Professor Eco to say that if Robinson Crusoe had been stranded on his island with some form of e-reader, his battery would have run out within hours, whereas the Bible he had with him kept him going for 21 years!
Then Ms. Horne didn't grace the big screen again until 1969's Death of A Gunfighter co-starring Richard Widmark as her love interest. Another nine years passed before she made her last film as an actress, playing Glinda the Good Witch in Sidney Lumet's The Wiz.
So we go home. We process. I cry from sheer frustration and then we go to bed.
I hope that when the end of my life is upon me, I have an opportunity to take final stock, and I hope I will see mine as a life well lived. I hope I die with a full heart.
– Rib knit V-neck and cuff trim
1 naturally
Hands waiting to caress you,
The Darjeeling Limited - I like Wes Anderson pretty well, but I'm not sold on this one. I'll see it just for the awesome India scenery (and to see how Anderson portrays the culture), but this could not be a worse time for an Owen Wilson movie. Plus, it's been quite a while since Adrien Brody did anything worthwhile - though this might be just the right project for him. Lots of emo histrionics.
The class selection system offers up a lot of diversity, with 8 classes to choose from in total.
1/2 cup almond flour
What an extraordinary autumn we are having here in Southwest Nova – really warm weather and an extended season for the foraging honeybees. If bees wore clothing they would be dressed in shorts and tank tops with these temperatures. But despite what our eyes see, the phenology of bees- to- flora is telling another story. It is saying that the flower sources for the nectar and pollen are getting low and the beehive is in preparations for winter.
ወግ ማረግን ሳላይ
The tea menu did end up a bit overwhelming - so we simply asked the waiter for recommendations. I went with a Fruit Mountain Tea milkshake - made with a black tea with "golden asian fruits" ($11SG ~$9US), SO good but pricey, while my parents went for classic hot teas: Genmaicha and Dragon Well.
And if I should fall into temptation,
1. To have whites that are tender and not rubbery.
If you missed this documentary last night….or any of the excellent Water Brothers films….TVO is repeating them on Sunday, March 25. Check this out….
I am hesitant to write in all seriousness about love because it is an embarrassing and private thing, unless you are in love and then the world loves with you and smiles on your shining face. And there are those who will say I had my chance, that love was there for the taking and I walked away. But love for me, like anything because I am too sensitive, is hard and tricky. I want it to be right. I can't be easy, I am not easy, and it is not a comfortable thing to be this skittish, this sober, this self conscious all the time. I envy those girls who have three-ways in cars and end up sleeping in fireplaces (that actually happened to a girl I know. slut.). Not the experience itself, a three-way in a car strikes me as decidedly uncomfortable, but the ease and laughter that goes with it, the shrug of shoulders and wicked smile- that I envy.
19. You Can Ruin A Man
I raised a great son who has turned into a honorable man. I'm not a bad parent dispite what my parents think.
3 Rolled up Socks
When you ask "How are you?"
Asaba, said the woman
air. Masses crystallize into a
Ash*
Poor little guy... We're all tired. He's sore. He's sick on top of it all. Things will get better, right?
~ Rim each circle with some glitter glue. Allow it to dry before stacking the layers together. I applied a little bit of two-sided sticky tape between the layers and added the Bo Bunny Jewels and Trinkets to the center. Here are the finished blooms close-up....
So instead of pills, we chose to focus on bite prevention. This means that from before dusk till after dawn, we keep ourselves covered with clothes and copious amounts of DEET.
Oh look at how she listens
Still retaining the soul of an art studio…just all grown up.
I doubt that he knows me,
In all we ended up with a large white, a large orange, three traditional jack-o-lantern style, one grey & I picked out 6 tiny pumpkins of different varieties to come home with us. I rationalized it because the thrifting had been such a bust & I hadn't even dented my $20 thrift allowance for the day.
You may recall the fun and frivolity that prevailed at the Plough Hotel in Myrniong when Beer Blokes hosted their first formal Beer Dinner back in February. 86 locals – and ‘local’ up Myrniong way means everything between Ballarat and Melton – turned out to enjoy Prof Pilsner’s ‘Introduction to Craft Beer’ with five different styles represented.
I immediately knew "DD" would fall in Love with this little guy the minute I saw it on Dandelion's website! Its so cute with its soft colors and silky soft fabric! The pictures really don't do it justice and its the same for all their products. When I received him in the mail and opened the package, I was pleasantly surprised how nice he was! I could instantly tell from the moment I saw it and picked it up, that it was made of high quality materials, which isn't always expected with products that are made from Organic and natural materials for some reason. But honestly, I was shocked how well made this Toy was! And not to mention how Incredibly soft, silky and luxurious it felt. The Giraffe is so cute and has a nice silky "sheen" to its body.
I wish I had an artist's eye
Luckily my power must have come back during the night. It was like walking around a real horror movie the last 2 days. Pretty cool but man it sucked putting on make-up!! lol.
Parking for Beckman Auditorium is located at 332 South Michigan Avenue, Pasadena (south of Del Mar Boulevard). For information, call (626) 395-4652 or, outside the Pasadena area, 1 (888) 222-5832. Individuals with a disability should call (626) 395-4688 (voice) or (626) 395-3700 (TDD) for information and assistance.
Huh, I guess that was just enough.
Place meat, mushrooms and onions in greased crockpot.
Now, let's forget housework this weekend. I'll need to finish my Soda piece and start my 2nd cat of Cool Cats SAL.
“God,” I argue, “How can I possibly learn how to write a nonfiction book proposal. It’s too hard for me. I don’t have all the pieces of the puzzle. I don’t know what to do next. I’m overwhelmed!”
Last month I started a homeschooling Cub Scout pack. The beauty of it is that it's during the day and siblings can come along. Meetings are chaos, but the kind of chaos we're used to and love.
They show him Katya's letter. He claims ignorance to the handwriting and to its author, saying the only Russian woman he's ever had close contact with was an "old cow in Aurora" who tries to sell him some Russian paintings. They then make Barley read the letter out loud, and he does.
Excuse/Issue Resolution Four:
The sporting revolution, industrial harnesses, my favourite was Topshop’s black leather, Racer back designs, mesh detailing and cut out body con styles. Did someone say Olympics?
I know what you're thinking. You mean to tell me, the fate of democracy depends on one man's ability to not shoot his goo inside a curvy blonde Nazi doctor in an expedient manner? Ridiculous as it sounds, Ilsa: She Wolf of the SS is all about postponing the ejection of seminal fluid. Simple as that. Anybody who tries to tell you otherwise has obviously chosen to approach the film from a perspective that is different than mine, and I respect that. But deep down they know I'm sort of right.
late and soon,
Chartsengrafs
Obtaining a statistical overview of Muslim crime in the UK is very difficult, due to the extremely low quality of the data available, and the problems involved in their interpretation. Every three years the government releases a breakdown of criminal convictions by race. These summaries offer a significant amount of information to the student of crime, but not, sadly, information that is useful in a consideration of Muslim crime. As such, we must look to other sources.
May 4 – The Rave (Milwaukee, WI) #
The notion that the things that make poems excellent can’t be defined is at least as old as the seventeenth century. It was then that the French poet Nicolas Boileau-Despréaux put forth the idea that what distinguishes truly sublime work from lesser poetry was “a
5) If you had to create a top 5 recommended reading list, what would they be (could be training/non-training related)
“Amen, amen, I say to you, whoever does not enter a sheepfold through the gate but climbs over elsewhere is a thief and a robber.
Although he has shared the stage with some of the very top bluegrass musicians (dobro star Jerry Douglas was a member of his band for several years, and Ricky Skaggs is his son-in-law), White is really an example of a performer who comes to bluegrass by way of other genres. As he mentions in talking with Glaser, growing up in Texas, he wasn’t surrounded by bluegrass. A lot of the influences that shaped his music were more homegrown, which of course means he was exposed to a healthy dose of Texas swing. Here’s an example of that infectious musical style from The Whites main stage set at Joe Val. Buck is joined here by daughters Cheryl (bass) and Sharon (guitar). The tune is “My Window Faces the South,” a song popularized by Bob Wills and the Texas Playboys.
Steve Rogers: Falling in line’s not really my style.
After being involved in several wars including the Mexican-American War, the Mexican treasury was virtually bankrupt. In 1861, Mexico announced a moratorium in which all foreign debt payments would be suspended for two years. While Mexico was able to work out arrangements with Britain and Spain, France at the time ruled by Napoleon III, decided to seize the opportunity to establish a Latin empire in Mexico that would be favorable to French interests.
I carved a honeydew melon.
in a shop
Pumba’s other hobbies were going with me to visit my buffalo. She often followed me to Hop and Skip and grazed around in their camp while they ate. But after Skip had finished her food, she and Pumba would chase after each other for the rest of the afternoon. Pumba would try to bite Skip at times, but then she also licked her nose. It was so strange but so cute. A normal buffalo and warthog would never ever do this but Pumba and Skip were different. They weren’t normal, just like me. And that’s the way I liked it. I sometimes had to step in to separate the two of them, but they normally behaved themselves. I never complained about Pumba coming with me to play with Skip, as it allowed me to bond with Hop!
He co-authored The Mystery of Life Origin: Reassessing Current Theories and has written 10 book chapters dealing with various faith science issues, a topic on which he speaks widely.
1 tip
start giving it with understanding and by revelation. Begin to act by faith in
Kessler concluded:
For those of you who are unaware: North Carolina has placed an anti-gay marriage amendment measure on the ballot. It will be the first time North Carolina has amended its constitution for the purpose of limiting rights of any one person or group of persons in its history.
Being your mom is my absolute greatest accomplishment. I am so very fortunate to be a part of your life. You truly are a blessing to everyone whose lives you touch.
I did, however, spot a photo shoot in progress. I didn’t wait to see exactly what they were doing but I did notice later that the balloons escaped and had to be chased!
Scary stuff. I've been doing this for a decade with my children.
Facebook’s planned initial public offering (IPO) is likely to give impetus to China’s social networking service (SNS) and boost its development, industry insiders say. Facebook filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on Wednesday to raise …
As for the romantic elements . . well, they’re nothing to write home about. Gendo and Yui, who star as students in a sidestory that takes up all of volume five, have a nice little love story, but other than that none of the character’s love lives are particularly interesting, and certainly not unique. Really, Angelic Days boasts no unique or even notable plot elements.
lay the parchment over the pastry in the flan dish and press it lightly on top of the pastry and then pierced pastry with fork first and pour of dried beans or nuts to weigh the pastry , heta the oven 200C and bake for 10 minutes and the tahe the beans out and bake them again for another 10 minutes.
Phase III
Words without letters
What it is: A collection of short stories mostly revolving around lonely Chinese characters who are grasping at happier future, but are grounded in the bleak realities of everyday life.
Suffice it to say that it was unwise, in hindsight, for the New York Times to essentially declare the story over after the 2006 approval, promoting to Albany the Brooklyn-based reporter who was finally starting to understand the landscape.
What on earth is going on?
What you're ultimately trying to do with escape velocity is overcome the Earth's gravity well by raising your potential energy to that of an object at an infinitely far distance. Even though it sounds counter-intuitive, it turns out that this is actually a finite quantity of energy because as distance increases to very large values, the force of gravity becomes infinitesimally small.
Mortgage lending in Feb 2012 was down 9.4% from the previous month and 47.1% down from the same time the previous year.
But when I do, like today while taking the dog for a walk in the pouring rain, I look like that. Add a flash and you get that startled I didn't do what you just think I did-look.
Team 420 is falling apart, probably as there is no quarterback to hold the team together. Papa however, is on the rise and will be getting an upset this week and making it to at the least round 2. I attribute this mostly to Gronk, look for him to make the big plays against denver this week while Welker gets the most attention from the all star secondary.
Whether this develops into a full blown giddy-fit subsequent to tasting remains to be seen - but rumour has it that William Hill have already stopped taking bets on a top ten score.
Well now you have seen what the team has come up with it is your turn so just add your link to Mr Linky and we will be along shortly to see what is New on your creation.
Every 1000 points is worth $10 and they do add up provided you take the estimated time to answer the survey and don’t speed through, otherwise you only get the chance to win the 10000 points every month. Here are the rules for the monthly sweepstakes. Reward points also can be turned in for various non-cash rewards from gift cards/certificates to bags and wallets to other various products. However, be careful with the non-cash rewards because I read some reviews saying that the wrong stuff was sent to them and the company that owns MySurvey would not give a refund. Anyone with an account with less than 1000 reward points is considered having an account with no value.
IN A MEDIUM BOWL, blend together all ingredients until smooth
Which artist(s) have inspired you along the way?
Kellie Wells (US) also continued her fine indoor campaign in Karlsruhe, running a world leading 7.82 in the women’s hurdle event. Wells now has the top six times in the world this indoor season and is .16 sec faster indoors than ever before – which could mean a new PR (currently 12.53) outdoors. She’ll be one to watch once the under cover season is over.
In the traditional environment, buttered veggies would best accompany this dish. Yummy goodness.
Ill be under the impression
But, I told Carynn I was gonna answer her questions because I am bar tending in a bar where the only person in it at this moment is myself and I am incredibly bored.. So with out further ado Carynn's questions.
It's a pity, as Vanessa Gebbie commented on a recent post here, that this year's Booker judges didn't say what they meant by 'readability' when they announced that it was their main criterion, as some of the ensuing discussion seems to have wobbled on cross purposes. However, several of their comments give some indication.
4. Field Trips in the next two weeks. Going with Noah's class to go rake leaves for an elderly family and going to set up a pumpkin patch at Aaron's school for them to pick a pumpkin.
And no one in the pale.
Habibi Restaurant are kindly hosting Leilat Amal (A Night Of Hope) to raise funds for this trip. The evening will include performances of poetry, song and more together with a dinner of Arabic mezze, unlimited tea and sweets, and a prize draw.
High School class reunions are always held during this week and it's always fun to see everyone come home. This year marked my 30th reunion!! I already know, you don't have to say it!! ;-) 30 years is a long time and that means I'm old!! :-) We had about 20 classmates show up and they all looked great. I didn't make it to the picnic, my body and health weren't cooperating!! :-( However, I did make it to the parade...
Have you ever heard of the diathesis-stress model? No?
ORR P. Influenza vaccination for health care workers: A duty of care. Canadian Journal of Infectious Diseases and Medical Microbiology 2000; 11: …
Many people today wonder what it feels like living for the right purpose. Some people don’t even believe that there should be a purpose. Some found their purpose but they’re not sure whether its the right one or not. Remember in my previous posts how I talked about Energy of Goodness and Energy of Evil? Well… One of the fundamentals that you should base your purpose on is on the Energy of Goodness. What ever is related to that energy inside of you brings fulfilling and powerful results that automatically fulfills your purpose. One of the things that I think humanity should live for in order to complete its designed purpose is to have a relationship with the Energy of Goodness. What does that mean? It means you should be filled with the kind of energy that brings only good things to yourself and others around you. By having a personal relationship with the Energy of Goodness you will benefit not only yourself but everyone. Not only you will live for the right purpose but you will also bring down and kill the Energy of Evil which is the source of all the idiotic things that are happening in this world that bring devastation to humanity.
“I mean, I have some junk in the trunk, if that’s what you’re asking. Child-bearing hips, that’s for sure,” was my response. I really wasn’t prepared to defend my body this morning – especially after spending the past week and a half eating and drinking whatever I wanted while I was on vacation.
But it can also be read like this…
or possibly *in* the tiger, who looks a bit shifty to me.
Or that my other friend isn’t speaking to me.
The Plains Rally runs over seven stages around Mid Wales, including the famous Gartheniog, Dyfi and Hafren Forest Stages and ends with a spectator stage around the Mick Jones Timber Yard just outside Welshpool. The first car is due to begin the popular woodyard stage at approximately 3:15pm.
Have you looked at your feet lately? Are they dirty or beautiful?
"Gawd, I am SO TIRED," he says.
Peace, such a tough topic given the state of the world today. So many nations across the world are at war with one another, or sometimes with others within the nation, and so many people are at war with one another, or sometimes at war with themselves. As individuals and nations, people are crying out for peace, and yet war rages. War between two people is really just about a lack of love. When two people fight with one another it is because they fail to act in love. If they could consider the other person’s point of view, if they could step back from the situation, if they could just see the other person as a brother or sister then perhaps they could get passed the difficulties, but so often people cannot. In these situations what is needed is love and forgiveness. Somehow we as Christians need to find a way to break into the struggles between two people and show them love in order to enable them to forgive one another and move on. This will never be an easy thing to do, but it is only by breaking these cycles that wars between individuals will be resolved. As we walk with the Spirit we must endeavour to live at peace with those around us and to work to resolve conflicts between those we know and love. On a wider world scale, peace is even more difficult to achieve. When two nations are at war, conflict resolution is never easy, especially if the war has been going on a long time – ask the people of Israel/Palestine. So often in these situations we feel powerless. We feel that there is no way that such a conflict can be resolved. There is no way that everyone can be happy and so we think that the war will just continue forever. Perhaps a ceasefire could exist for a while, but it will never last. When we feel these things, we must look to the places in the world where conflict has been resolved. Look at Northern Ireland. For so long troubles raged and most people thought the conflict would never be resolved. Feelings were so raw, hatred so ingrained, fear so prominent…and yet look at it today. Okay, so it’s not perfect, but it’s an awful lot better than it was twenty years ago! So we can have hope for peace in troubled regions. If Protestants and Catholics in Ireland can put aside their differences for the sake of peace and a better future for their children, then maybe peace can come elsewhere too. Peace is not just about the absence of war, it is much more than that. When we hope and pray for peace, we don’t just want the fighting to stop, we want justice to be done. I’m a historian, or at least I was for a while whilst I was a student. I studied predominantly twentieth century history. Many of you who studied history even to GCSE level will be able to look at what happened in Europe in the twentieth century and see the problems that an unfair peace can bring. After the end of the First World War, the peace treaty that was drawn up was stacked massively in favour of the victors – and the German people did not forget this easily. During his rise to power, Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party played on people’s sense of betrayal and the anger that they felt about the treaties that ended the First World War. Perhaps if the earlier peace agreements had been fairer, the Second World War may not have taken place. Obviously, this was just one of a number of factors, but it was certainly a factor. So when we look for peace now, we must learn our lessons from history. We mustn’t just look to stop fighting, but we must look for as just and as reasonable solution to the conflict as is possible, in order to reduce the risk of future conflict breaking out. Similarly, in many countries, peace is maintained by fear and aggression. Dictators or totalitarian regimes can rule countries that to the outside world appear to be peaceful, and yet they are far from it. Freedom of speech may be limited an often people are imprisoned if they threaten the stability of the country – even if this is just by writing something in a newspaper or holding a peaceful protest. Again this kind of peace isn’t necessarily preferable to conflict. Peace is only really peace if it comes with justice and freedom. There is a hymn in the Methodist hymn book, Hymns and Psalms that speaks about the desire for peace. Some of you may know it, though I’m not sure how well known it is. It is by Alan Gaunt and reads: We pray for peace, but not the easy peace built on complacency and not the truth of God. We pray for real peace, the peace God’s love alone can seal. We pray for peace, but not the cruel peace, leaving God’s poor bereft and dying in distress, we pray for real peace, enriching all the human race. We pray for peace, and not the evil peace, defending unjust laws and nursing prejudice, but for the real peace of justice, mercy, truth and love. We pray for peace: holy communion with Christ our risen Lord and every living thing; God’s will fulfilled on earth and all his creatures reconciled. We pray for peace, and for the sake of peace, look to the risen Christ who gives the grace we need, to serve the cause of peace and make our own self-sacrifice. God, give us peace: if you withdraw your love, there is no peace for us nor any hope of it. With you to lead us on, through death or tumult, peace will come. The message I leave you about peace is this: If we are to walk with the Spirit, we are called to strive for a peace that is just and true, between ourselves and others, between communities, peoples and nations, however difficult this may be.
Work is busy. Next week we have a probationers' in service training so that will be a bit of a break.
Enough typing for now, stay tuned for more adventures with the Parents!
On that note, on to the tacos…
When researching for a story I published on the lack of affordability of SA tertiary education, I realised just how few South Africans achieve high school education, let alone higher education.
I realized yesterday that years have gone by since we broke up. It seems so far away, yet not that long ago. I am glad that you are happy now and not under pressure to deal with me. I reread an email you sent me when we were breaking up and it amazes me that while you hated me so much you also loved me beyond logical measure. Things are calmer now that you aren’t in my life, but there is something to be said for the untethered emotion you live your life with.
Somebody offered me another cup of tea
You can vote once during the three-week period for each email address you use (so, for example, if you have a personal email address and a work email address, you can vote once from each account). The Changemakers site will ask you to either create a username and password linked to your email address, or log in through your Facebook account. With enough votes – and a $50,000 grant – we can continue expanding our efforts to create opportunities for women like Halimah.
The average Japanese individual prior to World War II was not a warmongering sadist. Yet, Japan murdered and slaughtered its way across South East Asia in an orgy of killing that included the systematic murder of 12 million Chinese civilians; most killed by sword, shovel, and bayonet.
There are other films that feature the Olympics: for example, the clutch of minor ones about the talented but erratic American runner Steve Prefontaine, the British-made International Velvet and even Asterix At The Olympic Games – but they’re not a particularly distinguished bunch. The only exception, alongside Chariots of Fire, is One Day In September (1999). This chilling documentary traced the shocking and tragic events of the 1972 Munich Olympics, and went on to win the Best Documentary Oscar in 2000.
And among them are people that sometimes hurt. And when they hurt, I hope they know that I will do what I can. Because I know what it is to hurt. And that sometimes, all someone needs is a friendly voice. One that says, “It’s OK to hurt. It’s OK to cry. It’s OK to be human.”
What does "wrong" parenting look like? Well, I have an opinion on that, believe it or not. I listed a few examples last year in this post, but I could probably sum it up by saying that things like physical abuse, guilting, coercion, lying, arbitrariness, and screaming/yelling/belittling would fall into the bucket of things that make my stomach turn. So imagine how pleased I was to see the following post on Facebook yesterday from an old friend who I actually think is a very good mom:
3/4 tsp cayenne powder
So not expecting a response, I asked the @GMUWashPost Twitter why, and here's the conversation. GW fan Sean Rose got into the act too.
Still, not knowing for sure if she had heard or not, I tried the simple approach. "It's Rebecca," I said. Nothing. "Rebecca H****?" Her eyes brightened with the familiar last name, and then dimmed quickly with complete confusion. She didn't know a Rebecca in that family. And now, her mother was hovering. My mind whirled with possible paths this "conversation" could take. None with good results. This people were hard-core Bible-thumping Christians, and wore it on their sleeves.
They have somehow managed not to notice what has long been apparent to anyone who has taken a short walk with his eyes open down any frequented British street: that a considerable proportion of the country’s young population (a proportion that is declining) is ugly, aggressive, vicious, badly educated, uncouth and criminally inclined.
With the recent loss of Roger Zirkle, a great gap was felt in our school board. With no time to place names on the ballot, Lee Godfrey, who had previously sought this office as a Democrat, began a write in campaign. Ms. Godfrey, unfortunately, represents a more liberal perspective than that of most citizens of the district. She has actively participated in anti-war rallys and could be a vote against Weekday Religious Education and issues of parents' rights should they come before the board.
It's worse than before I ever got spanked. At least then it was just something I had an interest in; I had never experienced spanking and truly didn't ever expect to get spanked, so going to forums was my outlet. Now that I've walked a short distance into the spanking world and met people and made friends in real life, I know what I'm missing out on. Knowing that I'm not going to be part of that again for a long time can be difficult.
All the baby mamas (all the baby mamas)
GOOD LUCK!!!
Lewis' troubles began early in his life. In the 1960s, he was treated at a psychiatric facility after reportedly chasing his mother with an ax, attacking his stepfather and then trying to commit suicide by taking 36 headache tablets He's perfect!
Those of you who have read Bancroft know that anger is not the abuser’s real issue, and therefore anger management strategies are like water off a duck’s back. In fact, they can even give an abuser another excuse — his anger, and whatever it is that supposedly made him an angry man.
Both coaches laid blame on the referees.
This very situation brought about our hasty retreat up Stockton Street towards Chinatown. Turns out Chinatown was a bit further than we thought, but we were enjoying fabulous weather and just being out into the city. It also brought me to a shop that had shoes....comfortable, "looking" shoes.
Author: Kelly
13. Little Woman Love
Take my girls to Disney World
I don’t watch the Biggest Loser too much anymore. It’s great to see so many people lose so much weight, but it’s just more of the same. One of the things that I’ve grown tired of is the role that the trainers tend to take on. The personal heart-to-heart talks (in front of millions of people) peppered throughout the show end up with the trainers counseling the contestants. They are in great physical condition, but in a way, that actually makes them less qualified to offer advice in these instances.
Of course as soon as we touch down it goes all amber and chimes at us.
“Jockeys and Jewels is a sparkling jewel of a romance–clever, entertaining, and touching.” - Julianne MacLean, USA TODAY Bestselling Author
1: Finding a Christmas Tree
I hope this inspires you to start thinking about bringing Bubbles into your End of the Year activities. Be sure to sign up for my newsletter on my sidebar so that you get exclusive freebies and fun ideas to use in your classroom!
So, Kerri, what does your rabbit think of the book?
“When I read a book I seem to read it with my eyes only, but now and then I come across a passage, perhaps only a phrase, which has meaning for me, and it becomes part of me; I’ve got out of the book all that’s any use to me, and I can’t get anything more if I read it a dozen times. You see, it seems to me, one’s like a closed bud, and most of what one reads and does has no effect at all; but there are certain things that have a peculiar significance for one, and they open a petal; and the petals open one by one; and at last the flower is there.”
The retaking of Crater became a symbol of the true British spirit. This is an example of when righteous rebellion is heroic. Mitchell is a role model for a new generation who are having their inheritance dissipated by the elites.
Some facts about the Siege:
The week before his trip I was incredibly anxious about him leaving. I knew it was the best thing for both of us. But I was scared. A lot scared.
My wardrobe continues its constant evolution. I have been slowly but surely selling most of my designer finds via eBay. This has been facilitated by my recent aquisition of an iPhone 4 which I don't love in the way I loved my HTC phone when I first got it, but which has undeniably made certain tasks much easier. The eBay app, which means that I can take photos of an item and upload them into my listing as I go along, is one case in point.
“An Evangelistic Meeting. Pattern your program after that of a modern revival meeting. A live leader of song should have charge of the music. The songs should be songs of soul-winning. Have a number of church-members to give brief testimonies and urge the young people to make decisions for Christ. The minister should be invited to make a closing exhortation and hear the confessions of faith, if such is the usual order. Personal work prior to the meeting itself will make it more effective in every way” (James DeForest Murch, Successful C.E. Prayer-Meetings (Cincinnati, OH: The Standard Publishing Company, pp. 66-67).
Minister for Transport Leo Varadkar said it is a significant step in developing the aviation sector in Ireland and securing the future of Shannon Airport.
This week we are joined by TWO NEW DT members. They are super talented and I hope you will enjoy seeing their work for the next 4 months. Please welcome Sara and Penny to our little crafty crew.
Miraculously, we had the energy to play charades until the wee hours of the night. Did I say play charades? I meant, the girls team beat the boys team to a pulp with our impressive miming skills.
She added before her performance: ‘Backstage getting ready for BGT! #EXCITED!’
But Mark Dawe, chief executive of the OCR board, said: “OCR’s seminars for teachers were not found to be of concern to the regulator during its investigation. However, we understand the need to take action against the risk of inappropriate behaviour by a handful of rogue examiners as uncovered by The Daily Telegraph.
fuck. if liz did it, so can i.
Ages 2 years and up.
In a milestone measure undertaken by Ministry of Railways for the benefit of rail users, a comprehensive Indian Railway Web Portal with the URL www.indianrailways.gov.in has been launched with a view to consolidate all the services and information onto a single window web-interface for the public. This comprehensive omnibus single window web interface will be for the entire Rail User community of India whether they are Passenger Service, Freight Service or Parcel Service Customers.
In the middle of the night when you’re awake,
I am meeting Gary in Scottsdale tonight so that we can give my sister, my brother, and my niece's mom their birthday cards and gifts. You have seen two of those cards; the card for my sister, Barbara, will be up at the end of the month.
Vert: 9100'
This beautiful, rich impression of Saint Jerome in His Study, expertly printed with subtle areas of surface tone, is among the earliest taken from the plate. The careful attention given to the selection of papers and preparation of inks for his engravings strongly suggests Dürer printed his own plates. The artist issued his engravings in limited numbers in response to demand, and as a consequence a qualitative difference can be discerned between various printings. Later impressions can be distinguished from the earliest ones by the progressive dulling of lines and accumulation of scratches in the plate. Here, even the finest and most delicate lines print sharply, rendering a tonal range extending from soft silver to brilliant black to express the play of shimmering light in its most refined nuances. This sheet is also remarkable for its pristine condition. Its survival through five hundred years guarded from even minimal creases, tears, or stains is testament to the high regard in which it was held by its successive owners.
The label die is from Spellbinders: Fancy Tags 2.
The beige bottle with the green cap is Paula's Choice AHA 10% for the body. Why not? It's summer and I still haven't "de-scaled" from the Winter months. I bought two since these were half price. They are redesigning the bottles. I'm guessing that the price will go up as well. I'm thinking that maybe I should order more? The bottle is only 8 ounces but I've found that a little goes agood enough way in covering myself. The only folly I see with this product is no SPF. So in my thinking and questioning how will I get the most out of this product. I take morning showers.My greasy hair demands it. I wear an SPF all over every day so if I apply the AHA 10% first, then apply the SPF second? Will this cause a chemical breakdown of either products efficacy? Or I could take nightly showers and apply the 10% AHA lotion to freshly cleansed skin and won't have to worry about a second layer. I'm still deciding if I want to change my whole routine for just some damn lotion. I'm leaning towards the change of taking nightly showers and just wash my hair in the morning because who doesn't want smooth KP-free arms and even toned bum? :P
Laurent Debout, Renault Sport F1 team support leader: There is nothing else to say but a huge congratulations to Pastor and the entire Williams team. Pastor drove a fantastic race to score his first win in F1, fully deserved. We are really proud to have contributed to helping the team score its first win since 2004 and the first Williams-Renault win since the 1997 season. What a feeling to deliver on the speed and performance we have shown since the start of the year.
o Arizona Board of Technical Registration
811120 Automotive body, paint, interior, & glass repair
As I write this I'm sipping on a Yona Yona Ale, one of the few micros widely distributed across Japan. Here in Ise, it's sold at a few grocery stores and even one convenience store.
play-doh.
Another "me" fact:
Boy 1 (screaming): TWIIIIIIINS!!!!!
During my pregnancy, I shovelled down supermarket aislefuls of pizza and chocolate, and put on a whopping five stone. In just nine months, I went from a svelte 7st 7lbs to a hefty 12 stone 7lbs (that's 105lbs to 175lbs if you're American) - which, dear reader, did not fill me with joy.
Annoyingly this has proven more difficult than previously though as there's very little on ive not tryed thats on the bar and the two new beers have failed to inspire me to write up anythin more than a mention (Tempest pale ale and hardrock curious) although they are very tasty beers im looking for as a friend recently commented on her coffee in the morning ''tasted like a kick in the teeth''. Obviously in the best way possible.
(Some) Ghanaians take their fetish priests seriously. So seriously that the poorest of folk are willing to bet their last pesewa on lotto numbers read out by one such priest during a ‘trance’.
Whispers of Yesterday – Do you hear what I hear?
With the construction in the late 1950s of the Embarcadero Freeway, which passed right in front of the Ferry Building, views of the once-prominent landmark from Market Street were greatly obscured. Pedestrian access was treated as an afterthought, and people disliked having to use the second-class space. They were cut off from the waterfront.
Some days you have to take into consideration...Life is hilarious
Step on my heart with their feet,
On December 4, 2011, the Livingroom ConversationsWebsite went live and I co-hosted a demonstration Living Room Conversation gathering with my conservative partner Amanda Kathyrn Roman. I’m still feeling the glow. I expanded my understanding of where we might find common ground across party lines around reducing the influence of big money in politics, and people participating in the conversation expressed interest in a future Living Room Conversation about immigration. What a pleasure conversing respectfully and constructively with a small diverse group that included a Republican mayor and a Republican candidate for state elected office. Intimate, structured conversations work!
First, the painter’s tape apparently didn’t form a strong enough seal around the ceiling and trim, so after two long days of careful painting, I ripped off the tape only to find that the paint had seeped through in many places. 4 days and many touch-ups with tiny paintbrushes later, it finally looked presentable, and I had only dropped a few dozen
The liberal, pragmatic me, went to lengths to drive home what I’ve always known to be true. That people are just people. Regardless of race or creed. But the Muslim in me screamed about how NO MUSLIM BOY WOULD EVER defile his ‘sister’ thus. How NO MUSLIM BOY who understands the value of a mother or sister WOULD EVER rape a fellow muslimah. Gang rape belonged in the realm of far removed from reality fiction.
She had to be captured in motion!
Egypt 59 Lebanon 81 Turkey 76
Together with a cover of famous American singer Madonna’s ‘Like A Virgin’, 2NE1 performed 4 songs and were able to interact with their fans on a more intimate level.
And this is not some dumb post about how Adidas lifted my spirits. In fact, the brand has nothing to do with this post. Arenas got me thinking when he said "it wasn't even about basketball anymore." How many of us set our hearts on something and forget to see the bigger picture? We listen to what people say about how impossible our goals are. Like Arenas, we're asked to sit on the bench. Arenas inspires me because he has proven to the world that he is not a zero (literally, he changed his number). And yes, he made some bad choices during the 2009-10 NBA season but he has also made some good ones too. His story inspires me to get back up and play with heart.
OMG, when they wanted to put the shoes on! "Do they...look like they're your...size?" "Shut up." "Are you..." "Getting the urge to French Siegfried myself into oblivion?"
Secrets Of The Sacred White Buffalo by Gary Null PhD 1998 by Prentiss Hall
After driving that harrowing 25 miles to Dunsmuir, CA the night before, it was beautiful the day I left for Portland. It was cold but the sun was shining, and Mt. Shasta had a fresh blanket of snow.
These days, people give up one vice for Lent, and although I am an atheist, I do see the spiritual worth in giving up something. Back in the day, when I used to smoke, I would try and forego cigarettes but without much success. These days I don’t bother, so I suppose I’m going straight to Hell; at least there’ll be plenty of parsnips and carrots down there to roast by the fire and brimstone…
Hope you enjoy the pics!!! :)
We also visited Villequier and were moved by the tragedy that struck Victor Hugo's family there when his beloved daughter, Leopoldine was drowned in the river Seine. Lots of local celebrities were mentioned and then we moved on as usual onto our favourite topic.... gastronomy and what better place than Normandy for it!
I will like to take a moment to thank the people who have done their part to spread the word:
surrounding spirituality in regard to theory,
Allkpop, please continue to spam on JYJ and TVXQ2.
Now she seems pretty happy.
Are you going blank of possible gifts and cards for the holiday season? Stop by our sponsors' website! She is hosting a 12 days of Christmas series of videos! Click HERE!
(Photo by my father, Bill Davison. Click to enlarge.)
The satirical engraving on the right depicts the quaint English custom of “wife-selling”, which wasn’t quite what it sounds like, but was more a ritual among the non-genteel classes (who couldn’t possibly obtain a full parliamentary divorce, allowing remarriage, according to the pre-1857 laws), to publicly proclaim a dissolution of marriage (though not generally recognized by the Church and State authorities). Notice how artist arranged the horns of the cattle horns behind the cuckholded husband’s head.
but still you never would believe it
The Israeli government’s hasty and aggressive posture following the Delhi bombing has caused offense in the Indian capital. Officials in Delhi have made plain that India will not be recruited into the anti-Iran alliance under Israeli–U.S. pressure. India will not allow “Washington, the Jewish lobby and much of Europe to push the country into a corner” over Iran. How India conducts its ties with that country dating back to ancient times is its business. Furthermore, police investigations into the bombing cannot be rushed to suit external interests. The law of the land must take its course.
B: Writers in Toyland
G)Goodness
To get to Machu Picchu almost everyone starts in Cuzco and absolutely everyone has to pass through the town Aguas Calientes -- also known as Machu Picchu pueblo. There are no roads to Aguas Calientes so the only options are by train or by foot. The direct 112 KM (70 miles) train from Cuzco* costs between $56 - $300 one way. Any way you look at it, this is price gouging of the highest order.
1 assorted
The bands were great. First one I saw was A Day to Remember and they rocked the crowd. Kept control really well. Their third to last song, I think it was their third to last song, they played the lead singer got into a giant plastic hamster ball and ran around the crowd. Which was completely awesome.
I find it positive because it shows that Arabs also can have success in a world, where they normally would be considered unwelcome. This victory was based on Kader’s skills, and the viewers choice to focus on the voice, more than the identity, proving that the mutual dislike can be set aside. Kader herself also expressed surprise and pride, stating that this showed that though there is disagreements and trouble between Jews and Arabs, then people can see other sides of each other, and not always making the hard relation be the overall defining subject.
This haunting “fictional biography” focuses on a figure who has fascinated countless fans for decades: Marilyn Monroe. In Blonde, Joyce Carol Oates uses the objectification Monroe experienced to explore what her inner life might have been like—the thoughts and feelings that even those closest to her were not privy to. Going far beyond the simplistic summaries of Monroe as a sex symbol or a “girl who wanted to be loved”, Oates wrestles with the complexities and contradictions of her life, providing a fresh, intriguing perspective on the famous actress and model.
His growth is right on track! I'll admit to being very happy that his percentiles are up in the 70-80 range, which is where his two older brothers hung out, as opposed to the 30-50% range he was rocking at two months.
3: A Changing Environment
Grudgingly, one has to acknowledge that there is a small residue of adult behaviour left in The Sunday Telegraph, it having devoted a tiny part of its output today to a subject far more important than the media "self" obsession. And it has the grace to admit that it is far more important.
“Let me show you those pictures.” He laid them face down trying to prepare her. “The
That lasted about ten minutes. I got off my butt and did an AWESOME session of Core Synergistics…much better than any I can remember in a long time. That’s because I was here at home instead of doing it at work where I had no weights and couldn’t jump around.
Mix orange juice with spice and it makes a great meat marinade. It can also be reduced and used as a glaze for sweets or meat.
“His end was not only heroic but spectacular in the extreme. It seemed as if he had reserved all his energies until the last, in order to make a fitting exit. Crowds came from far and near to watch his expiring gasps. The youth and beauty of Coney Island were there and its chivalry too, and the flames mounted fifty feet to the sky and lighted up the Atlantic, to say nothing of the palatial residences in the immediate vicinity, there was a general feeling of sadness. Every person in the throng felt as though he or she had lost a friend, and it was a loss of magnitude of which could not easily be exaggerated.
We've been sleeping with the windows open every night since it's cooled off here, and I'm LOVING it. The only problem: I cannot get up in the morning. It's just too comfy and cozy.
We have made love literally thousands of times. This time was different. As I penertrated her I felt that I was one with her, that our pleasure was truly being shared and we were drinking pleasure and passion in equal measure from the same cup.
I'm already planning my next trip.
The problem isn’t just that the other students start to treat tbig kids badly, it’s that the big kids start to believe the stereotypes while remaining the victims of crushing social stigma, and that’s how you create a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Today Princess pushed the boundaries on rest time, major. She decided she wasn't interested in resting in her room...there was lots of crying and coming out of her room. We eventually caved and rest time was skipped for today. Everyday that passes we get deeper into the "terrible two's" and hopefully closer to the end of tantrums and defiance (I can hope, right?).
Sunday I did some more strength training but swapped out the "T" push-ups and stability ball stuff for planks, both front and side, and some bench presses. I was also going to try the Tabata intervals on the treadmill (downloaded a timer app and everything!) but Jason had rearranged the electricals in the basement and the treadmill was no longer plugged in and I didn't feel like futzing with it. But he used the treadmill this morning so I'll definitely be trying them one day this week!
The main bonus of the industrial placement is the advantage this will provide when applying for jobs after university. Placement companies sometimes offer their placement students a graduate role. This will give you an advantage, as entering your final year without the pressure of completing job applications will leave you free to focus on your degree.
I am thrilled! I must answer yes to all of my questions. This image speaks to me in so many different ways. It says everything I wanted it to and so much more. I hope readers are captured and intrigued by the cover also.
Rick Geary is the foremost practitioner of graphic novel non-fiction — his choice of subject matter, though almost always dark and very often gruesome, is matched well with his sober, “just the facts, ma’m” style that hints at the grimy corners, but never accentuates them in an over the top manner. What you end up with is something far more disturbing, often with a lingering feeling that infects you beyond the last page. He evokes the mood and context of any story, the larger themes and the smaller strands, to bring a full feeling to true crime that views these as far more than isolated incidents, but rather part of a larger thread in the psychological history of mankind.
“Nearly 60 per cent of original wetlands have been destroyed on the Canadian side of Lake Ontario, even more between Toronto and the Niagara River. In some parts of southwestern Ontario, the loss has reached 90 per cent, one of the highest rates in the world.”
In the forecourt there'd be grubby gypsies stripped to the waist, banging and bashing away to give some worth to the worthless. Someone suddenly taking up an old fashioned boxing stance, sweat glistening off his chest as he jabbed and hooked away at unknown forces. The sun cooking pale Irish skin red, engine oil bubbling with the tarmac, the heat rising and the world wavering through it the other side.
The addition of sweetened condensed milk in this recipe adds extra creaminess as well as sweetness to the tarts, eliminating the need for additional sugar. A rich, dark chocolate drizzle adds a touch of bitter sweet and a chocolate covered Physalis lends a wonderfully elegant touch.
You don't even want to know the disaster that was my kitchen after making this dessert.
I had on a loose-fitting, light colored tank top and comfortable running shorts. I also wore a hat, sunglasses and waterproof sunscreen to protect myself from the sun. Where I failed miserably is that I wore a BLACK hat (it was all I had), so needless to say, after about 5 miles, I tossed the hat to the side of the course because my head was roasting (which may have contributed to the heat exhaustion issue).
Meanwhile, there is the Cuban Missile Crisis. In reading historical fiction, especially historical fiction set against the author's own childhood and teen years, I always ask why? Why this time period and not today? Today, there are independent store owners battling for survival (and losing) against chains. Today, there are parents who work and worry about paying bills. Today, on the playground girls and boys sometimes segregate into two groups and battle. And, yes, today, there are still people who think "boys like cars" and "girls like makeup" and don't make allowances for those boys who don't like cars and the girls who do. And yes, today, there are children whose parents are fighting in the military, like some of the children in the book. So why not just set this book in the present?
The ropes gradually raised mid-piece, taking a dancer with them, as a female soloist danced downstage left. The captured male escaped, only to haunt the female from directly behind the rope barrier; his undecipherable whispers continued after the woman left the stage, painting a picture of mental instability. More solos and group work in this section built upon previous animal imagery and established a sense of community amongst the dancers.
- be exposed as a girlfriend beating nutjob (hello, Scott Cohen)
So here is today's card .....
Be Kind...
G'Day Family and Friends! I know that I blog mostly for a handful of people (aka PCV Ben Fan Club), but it's always cool to know that somewhere someone I have never met might be reading about my journey. This is a story about such a situation...
Mat Zain was referring to a remark made by de facto law minister Datuk Seri Nazri Aziz, who said repayment of the federal loan was the best solution to put an end to the ongoing controversy without forcing a resignation from the women, family and community development minister.
The AISHE International conference (AISHE-C) is the premier venue in Ireland for presenting research and practice in teaching and learning in higher education. The conference is held annually, usually at the end of August/start of September. The venue varies across the island of Ireland.
So the next time someone tells you that theological words don’t matter, that you’re quibbling over details, that you’re crippling faith and God’s mission in the world, that passion matters more than accuracy, remember that that person has no idea what they’re talking about. Oh, and remember to mind your iotas. They matter a great deal.
The show? Yessss, the show. Was AWESOME. Fuck, it just does not matter that I fell in love with Simon LeBon twenty-four years ago. I. STILL. LOVE. HIM. And he still looks bloody HOT in his tight black trousers. At one point, he did this little dance move with a growl combo move, and I swear to GOD, the frisson I felt might as well have been generated when I was fourteen years old. (I saw Milena whoop at that one, too. It's NOT JUST ME.)
It's super easy (I wouldn't make it if it wasn't).
Daisy Guo
In Australia we no longer have school assemblies to sing our national anthem and salute our country's flag because we may offend those in our multicultural society who object to showing patriotism to this country.
My parents didn't send me to the middle school my then best friend went to. That one could probably be described as academic-posh. Latin was the first foreign language they taught. Neither did they send me to the middle school most of my primary school friends went... one that even had it's own swimming pool. The middle school I ended up in was more akin to an inner city school, despite being in the middle of suburbia. It was a grey block, and its sight alone was enough to make you depressed. Bullying was ripe. Still, I knew I only had to go there for a couple of years before moving on to high school. That was what kept me going.
Me- Hit you?
Don’t know man, I’m not from here
Buzzard, P. 2006. Rank and age related feeding strategy observed through field experiments in the Koshima group of Japanese macaques. Primates 47(4): 336-341. DOI: 10.1007/s10329-006-0188-6.
"There's something else..." the coroner continues, "...the contents of the ziplock? Genetically altered and irradiated human material. Not sure what, but the DNA code is odd and the cellular structure shows two extra chromasomes. Never seen anything quite like it before. Oh one more thing...it's reproducing. There's 10oz of it now, I had to freeze it to stop it replicating."
I spoke next, and detailed three important campaigns for which our party must prepare in 2012, namely; the local elections on May 3rd, the mayoral referendums which will be held on the same day, as well as the elections on 15th November to elect police commissioners.
9 min: As Ramires receives treatment following a clash with Tioté, the camera pans to Roman Abramovich, who is spoting a comfy-looking Chelsea coat. It’s a good deal Chelsea offer: buy the club and invest over half a billion pounds, and they’ll throw in a free coat.
A camera of some sort goes with me everywhere, and by living and working here in Carnegie, plus a good bit of walking and bicycling the subject of my photos is often my little town.
So I searched, and searched. And searched some more. For months. I was on my Craigslist app every day or two, looking for that perfect dresser for this spot. Couldn’t find a thing (for the price I wanted to pay).
Not least of all, it was exciting to see Marwan Bishara tweet my review of his book. I took that as a nod of approval.
Apple cider vinegar, to taste
I can totally see why this race gets voted one of the best of the year by the Chicago Area Runners Association. It's well organized. It's a nice course. And, it's a great way to remember what Veterans' Day is about as opposed to just a day off work or school.
However, that perception is wrong, since the abuser has no right or authority to be judge, jury and executioner of anyone.
(Song & Original Singer P.Ramlee)
To teach these signs, I collected several books on forest animals, read them to the children, and glanced at the sign language sheet and taught the signs as we came across each animal. Since animal books and animal toys are so common, these are signs that we have plenty of opportunity to practice and incorporate into our daily living, and it is very handy to have one sheet to glance at if we need a little help remembering what we have learned.
Well now a few years later, we have been working very hard to fix our past and build up the current. It’s actually quite difficult but we are working on it.
Then Blackstone made a quick profit by floating Southern Cross on the stock market, collecting £600 million for itself and its wealthy investors.
It’s in the shopping center near the Darmawangsa City Walk (Mall) near the police building.
I love caterwauling women
Mesa is about a 2 hour drive from Here.
So let’s assume you have had your epiphany. You’ve had a long hard look at your wardrobe. OK it’s not so bad that you can’t even give it away to OxFam but it needs serious work. It might be that you are at a significant moment: a new career or you’ve hit thirty and decided you better start dressing like a grown-up. Whatever the stimulus you’ve decided you need to build a gentleman’s wardrobe. The big problem is that you don’t really have a lot of spare cash to spend on what is a minor issue in the grand scheme of things like rent or a mortgage, university fees, loan payments or children who are outgrowing their clothing at an alarming rate.
That made me think about the kinds of promotion that publishers pay booksellers for - inclusion in the Books for Giving Christmas catalogue, table position, window displays. Isn't it a bit similar?
Recently at the Church of Christ the King, where the pentecostalists feed the poor on a Monday (with preaching), I met a lady who had only recently started going to the church. I explained to her that the Catholic Church teaches that the bread and the wine become the true Body and Blood of Our Lord and she replied that none of her Catholic friends had told her that. I told her that the Catholic Church teaches Our Lady to be the 'new Eve' as Our Lord is the 'new Adam'. She replied that none of her Catholic friends knew that.
Pop-up: Sigh… I don’t really feel like it…
11) THE BEST TV SHOW EVER CREATED?
Richard Dennis Allen, 31, New York, N.Y.
6) Head into Agotrop cave and take the exit out of the cave to reach a small island with a tree (I might have a map of Agotrop cave in the maps section, I might not) Go inside the tree and have fun navigating this maze. I will NOT map this one, but if any kind souls wish to make direction or maps to this, feel free. It's a bit of a mapping nightmare. Best recommendation I have for you is once you leave the first tree and are walking on limbs, take the first north and right limb. After that, you are on your own.
Author Anthony Paik, associate professor of sociology in the university’s College of Liberal Arts and Sciences, examined the responses of 3,793 married and divorced women to the 2002 National Survey of Family Growth.
I said to my RE today “going through this month after month piles up after a while, that one of the key things in trying to deal with the stress of it is trying to think of each new cycle as a new beginning.” He agreed.
NOTE: When assaulted by evil speech David meditated on God’s statutes
“There shall not be found among you…a medium or a spiritist or one who calls up the dead. For whoever does these things is detestable to the Lord.” (Deuteronomy 18:10, 11, 12)
… even as the person in charge, the one with authority, you can ultimately influence people only to the extent they are willing to be influenced by you. And that willingness will depend on whether they trust you. … As the boss, you can demand compliance but you must earn commitment, and the coin of that realm is trust. … As we explore this topic with managers, we find it’s a subject both familiar and unfamiliar. Most people don’t know how to think about it constructively. Why?
Noticing the awkward optics, Gingrich aides and security personnel swarmed Dillard, trying to intimidate him into moving. One of Gingrich's security agents stepped in front of him. When Dillard didn't budge, the agent lifted his heeled shoe over Dillard's bare foot and dug the back of it into his skin, twisting it side-to-side like he was stomping out a cigarette. Shocked, Dillard kept his ground and took a picture of the agent with his phone, which was quickly knocked out of his hand. Dillard slipped off his flip-flop to pick up the phone with his foot, and a Gingrich supporter kicked the sandal away.
86) Hey, are you one of those chicks who goes out with guys right off the bat? ‘Cause that’s what I’m looking for.
Thank you for stopping by today to see what I created. I really appreciate all the wonderful comments that you leave for me to read.
Drago killed Apollo Creed, Rocky’s best friend and fiercest competitor. Think of Creed as Joe Frazier and Rocky as Ali, only increase the hate by several magnitudes, remove friendship and add in race baiting between two of the most fiercely black men of their generation, and also vomit on yourself over any comparison between Stallone and Ali. What it comes down to is if anyone gets to kill Creed/Frazier, it’s Rocky/Ali. We don’t do any of this death by government sponsored proxy shit in the US of A, Drago. If our friends need to die, we’re the ones to beat them to death. So toss in temerity into Soviet Russia’s laundry list of crimes and misdemeanors.
The encyclopedia is a project of MANU’s Lexicographic Centre. More than 250 academy members, university professors and researchers created the two-volume encyclopedia over the course of seven years. It covers 9,000 people, concepts and events from all time periods within the geographical boundaries of Macedonia, from prehistoric to contemporary times.
We were at a kiddy birthday party some months ago and either the Brat or the Bean ( I forget which one) came running out screaming, ’We’re playing doctor and look what X is doing to Y’. All of us parents froze in that one second and you could feel the tension in the room. Playing doctor? Thankfully we were all sensible enough not to rush into the room together and make a big deal. Another parent and I casually strolled into the nursery and the rest waited nervously for news.
The illustrious US Masters consistently brings an intense atmosphere as the best golfers in the world compete for a prize fund of just over 8million US Dollars.
A Flintstones Christmas Carol ... Boomerang ... 11:30 AM
I am so sorry for the delay in posting. Even though I didn’t post additional notes for the past three episodes I want you to have access to my original notes for each of the episodes. These episodes contain some very important things that set a thread for all the other episodes.
Speaking of Star Trek, I'm still hoping for advice on which of these nerdy Trek-themed t-shirts to buy (scroll down to end of post). I'm only allowing myself to get one, and it's so hard to decide...
grateful:
According to the rules, I'm supposed to share seven things about myself, then pass the award on to fifteen blogs I've recently discovered.
He is still searching as I type. He is obsessed. Weirdo.
I wanted to also let you know that Fisher Nuts is also having a "Handmade from the Heart" Sweepstakes going on until 12/10.
The rooster was keeping an eye out on things, and as soon as the chicken jumped off he got very excited and got to talking quite a bit about the event!
exiles from delight
“In one HSBC pension plan, £120,000 paid in over 40 years would result in fees and commissions totalling £99,900.
Shirred eggs...baked eggs...Oeufs en cocotte...no matter which name you prefer (or think sounds most delicious), we must share our new favorite NO-FAIL brunch dish – Baked Egg Cups.
Image Sources:
We filled the basket with two books and a bath sponge toy, and also gifted the baby a Melissa & Doug picnic basket. I’m a big fan of well-made battery less toys, and the Melissa & Doug brand seems to frequently satisfy those requirements.
To say hello then fast out they go
I know that when I was at the peak of my overspending, I could have a day out shopping without giving a thought to how much it was costing, or if I really needed what I was buying. As I was a very regular Internet banker ( I had to be, to keep juggling my money!) my shocks at how much I’d spent came pretty early on! The unneeded purchases were often obvious very early on too! I might have “needed” a painting but did I need ten?
There were many people I met at my placement and a lot were from Coventry University, So for all of them, I will definitely be keeping in contact with them as friends and they can also help me develop my practice through different skills. I met a lot of graphic designers and media production students who could really help me develop as a business by helping me build a decent website and by also widening my skills by developing more work in film and video.
- watching the Lion King live at the theatre with its amazing costumes and scene changes (Marko and Danika)
4. Black beans fresh bath, alum mordanted bath
Behind those movie screens
Corridors
(Many a soldier’s loving arms about this neck have cross’d and
We came up with our new logo:
Swiss Chard with Raisins
The high degree of media scrutiny the newsletters are receiving is a good thing. This dirty laundry needs a good, early airing. If the Paul candidacy survives, it will be a much stronger one. But like I said before, all this will matter zero in the end.
Glancing out a window, I look out over my favorite city, my home. I'm feeling thankful for life. When the world seems dark and ugly, being here reminds me that the world is still full of beauty and creativity. I'm appreciative of history, of being able to remember other times.
A. Correct.
- Burgers - if you are looking for a good burger, Mother's in Federal Hill has pretty consistently good burgers and great fries/sweet potato fries. (Note that that link is to their insane "Heart Attack on a Plate" burger (pictured below), which was good but their regular burgers - for normal folk - are excellent too.) We also love their buffalo chicken sandwich, which is served with bacon and cheese, in case you needed more calories. This place is Ravens central during football season so it's a fun place to visit if you are into football. It's also fun to visit in the off-season if you have no interest in football, like us :)
Punches: Butterfly & Trellis (Martha Stewart)
KIM: Hello, Sarah! Can you hear us?
All in all, this movie was quite a good film and I’d definitely recommend it for true vintage, thriller film buffs. The director is fantastic and his idea of story goes far beyond what you see on the screen. For another good Ji-woon Kim film, definitely check out The Good, the Bad, the Weird. (Great acting and action.) I might even review that one soon. And for A Tale of Two Sisters American, not so good counterpart, check of The Uninvited (2009) featuring Emily Browning and Elizabeth Banks. I give A Tale of Two Sisters a 9 out of 10.
I have one word for these cookie: Yum! The triple chocolate consists of cocoa powder, semi-sweet chocolate chips and Hershey's Kisses. I really liked that they offered variations. Instead of regular Kisses, they suggested Kisses with Almonds (I didn't use those because I wasn't sure if the kiddos would like it). I think they would be good with any variety of Kisses, or Hugs for that matter. There is also a variation for a vanilla cookie instead of chocolate, but then they wouldn't be triple chocolate, just double. These are so good, I wish I could convince my husband that Tony wouldn't oppose to me eating more.
These flags give a nod to the heritage of the birthday girl!
from: CH8299@hmp.southampton.gov.uk
Put down your crude melting desserts of churned animal's milk and embrace the glorious world of high-tech flash-frozen treats ..."It seems to the IPKat that one way to gauge the ubiquity of the public's consciousness of a brand is to see whether it features in parodies, satires and humorous pieces aimed at the general public. The Dippin' Dots feature works well for US readers, but the brand is little known outside its home markets (see the brand's biography in Wikipedia).
Hicks is a zealous advocate of what he calls “couch writing”… which is the sort of “writing” you do when you’re lying down with your eyes closed, mulling over your story and characters. To the ignorant observer it might appear that you’re simply napping, or idly day-dreaming… but in fact, this is a vital part of the creative process, and I’m grateful to him for backing me up on that, because I always feel a bit guilty when I take a few minutes away from my keyboard to have a little lie down. He’s also nice enough to note that some writers (like myself) prefer to bash out a rough first draft instead of a more structured outline… which may not be the way you’re “supposed” to figure out how your story hangs together, but it is the way that seems most logical and useful to me. So there.
Even if you are not a Christian or you don’t have another religion holding you up and I’m saying this because God has and does keep me up, that life is too short to live it in bitterness, sometimes you just need to see the good things in life and decide to be happy. This doesn’t mean that you can’t ever be sad, but give it a place. We as individuals can choose our own attitudes at any time.
A couple of weeks ago, I had to be in Stratford on Avon for a meeting, and it occurred to me to contact potter and blogger Matt Grimmit, who lives in Evesham, not too many miles further on.
This is a gross disservice to both the affected business owners, seeking protection from the abuse caused by such legislative based marketing, and the Ohio Constitution, which takes great pains to emphasize the importance of individual property rights.
Place your hamburger on top of the soup, then add your veggies. This is a great place for the kiddos to help out. Let them add what veggies they want and the amount they want as well. Remember, kids love to eat what they help make.
9. A perfume that, when spritzed into the breeze, carries itself to the nearest non-gardening neighbors, and infects them with a rabid desire to not only beautify their property with plantings, but to haul off the rusted-out snow machines and ancient truck on blocks. I’m still mulling over ideas on a name for this miraculous scent. How about we go halvesies on the patent, Santa?
This is their story.
Weird science:
I just love it and I think I have found a new passion. Tranferware! I have a few pieces but definitely will keep my eye out for more to go in my collection. One thought is to make this into a lovely sink for a powder room in our new one-day home. Hubby also came home with these:
The sanctuary reopening will begin with a PRAYER & PRAISE SERVICE on Friday, February 3 at 7:00 PM.
Now, take a step back and reread those reasons. Do you see a problem here?
I was excited to find the blooming calendula, on a walk with the dogs near the pond this week. We've had quite a few hard frosts already. There have also been some warm days and nights, though; warm enough for McNibs to decide to take a dip. Silly dog!
But not too soon, I hope.
3.concern or anxiety; solicitude: a fear for someone’s safety.
Friday, May 18
Consider the apostle preaching on Mars Hill in Acts 17:32. “And when they heard of the resurrection of the dead, some mocked; and others said, We will hear thee again of this matter…Howbeit certain men clave unto him.” To those mockers and procrastinators Paul could well have said, “Ye should have hearkened unto me.”
It's a tie, a birthday hat, and a diaper cover....and a birthday shirt to match!
Phase one (documented here) was posting all of Leicester's twenty-odd published books online. This is now substantially complete, though a good deal of proof-reading and reformatting still needs to be done.
Food deserts are impoverished rural and urban areas that do not have easy, close access to supermarkets, and achieving Mrs. Obama's goal will of necessity create a sweeping transformation in the national food supply chain that will alter the food shopping habits--and theoretically drop the obesity rate--of what the White House says are the 23.5 million Americans who currently live in food deserts (this number includes 6.5 million children). As she made her pledge--the first of its kind from any White House--the First Lady admitted that it was "ambitious."
Harriet was not without a busy May either. I've mentioned her pre-school before, and may have alluded to their over-the-top insaneness. They really outdid themselves in May. I think I stayed at her school every day to help for about 3 weeks and I did nothing compared to some parents. The graduation ceremony was the topper for sure, complete with a class play about dinosaurs, mermaids, paleontologists, and sharks.
I started with a card base of SU Vintage Violet and layered with patterned papers from the My Mind's Eye Miss Caroline Fiddlesticks 6x6 pad. I machine-stitched around all the panels. I used Spellbinders Floral Doily Motifs and Parisian Accents diecuts for my frame and corner accents. I added Buttercup Liquid Pearls to both. My sweet Magnolia image is Tilda Holding Daffodil from the Butterfly Dreams collection. I printed her on Cryogen White and colored her with my Copics. I added a bit of Yellow Stickles to the daffodil. I cut her out and popped her up on the motif frame. The sentiment is from Paulette at Create With TLC. A ribbon bow and button and a few Wild Orchid Crafts flowers finished up my card.
I was blogsurfing last week and saw a post about a book with all things handmade and for charities.... the project in particular was kimono style jammies for newborns. She gathered a group together at her church and they all got to cutting and sewing and then donated to a local hospital. WHO WAS THIS??? I don't know. I could have sworn I started following her blog but I searched through all of my lists and cant find her! What I do know is that I saw a link from someone else's site which led me to her..... not much help huh? I feel the same way! Oy! What to do what to do? I'd really like to purchase that book. Maybe I will google kimono style jamjams. hmmmm......
West Sussex:
Because of an unfortunate combination of school exams, Very Important Meetings at work and the grimness of an eight hour drive with children we'd decided a while ago that it was best to leave them and spouses at home, and for the brothers and I to do the trip Old Skool, squabbling on the back seat of my stepmother's car all the way up to Arisaig. This is where, every summer of my childhood, we met up with my cousins to go feral, sleep in a mildewed 1930s showman's caravan and wear the same clothes every day for two weeks. (Clothes which subsequently appeared on the next child down in the photographs the following year.) The beach my cousin walked along to marry her man was the one on which we used to dune surf, find exquisite shells brought in on the gulf stream and build sand boats, and even though it's been nearly 30 years since I was last there it's as beautiful as ever. And as empty. Apart from the farmer who used to drive his cows across the beach, I can't remember ever coming across another living soul for the entire time we were there, which is odd because I've since read that Ewan McGregor used to spend his summers there too. Humph. I never saw him. (Probably just as well, given the wearing-the-same-clothes-for-two-weeks thing.)
The European Patent Convention (EPC)[1] excludes certain subject matter from patentability, for example for moral reasons. For other subject matter it is not possible to obtain patent protection due to the way that EPO practice and case law have developed, such as for a new medical use of a known device or for discovering the mechanism of action of a known drug.
My heart goes out to the ones who can’t help themselves and shame on me for my dirty, dirty little secrets………. hidden!
Freshman comp 1 just turned in paper 3. I got 12 out of about 17, but the university just switched email providers, and the new one isn't working well for the students. I'll probably accept late papers this time, because of that, so long as they're turned in before Thursday or Friday.
He is going into the Navy's highly regarded nuclear propulsion program.
Depression – yay, good times ahead.
Stop the analysis, Just do it. Collaborate.
So yeah, this is what I'm obsessing about right now & probably will continue to be for the next month. Thanks to all of my friends who are patiently answering my never-ending stream of questions about what concealer they wear & how often they use their Clarisonic.
I appreciate the help!
Harry was hailed as a hero by the American public, rather than a homicidal maniac. People admired the husband who stood up for his wife. They cheered him on during his trial, which was splashed all over the newspapers. It was all everyone could talk about.
I notice his lips beginning to twitch.
Here it is… Not sure if it is the real thing… Lets say it is… Whatever…. A flower in the mountain…
‘Look at the album title,’ Ollie said. They all looked. It was ‘The Sound of Silence’.
….and to all others who follow the Souramana Calendar….. and celebrate the spring as the beginning of the new year!
There was a pause when it came to names
I’m the sort of teacher who would very much like to think that she’s reflective – I put a lot of thought into my teaching, I view it as a continually developing process rather than a fixed artefact, I like experimenting with assessments and in-class activities. You know the sort of thing (or at least, I hope you know the sort of thing). However, my attempts to keep a reflective teaching journal have, as a rule, flopped. The one I tried to keep in my first course ever degenerated into a list of notes of things to follow up for the next class, which isn’t a bad thing per se but doesn’t exactly merit the description of ‘reflective’. The notes I kept when I knew I was going to be presenting on a particular class in the course and its content were a bit better, but I was very focused on how the course was leading up to that one key lesson, and didn’t really think about the course more broadly, or about anything unrelated to the issues I planned to discuss in the conference paper.
I was actually about to make a few cards tonight and am very excited about it!! I will post another card tomorrow and then the next day.
Second, the writers are clearly going to be playing up the religious fervor often found in the South. Not in a bad way, mind you, but in a way that makes it pretty clear that a tight-knit community such as Dillon is going to have a lot of church-goers who are always putting things in God’s hands. So far the big example is Lyla Garrity who keeps stubbornly promising Jason that everything is going to be alright and this trial is all part of God’s plan in some fashion.
Q: When do you think you are an adult?
The first recorded diamond engagement ring was given to Mary of Burgundy by the Archduke Maximillian of Hamburg in 1477. At the time, a diamond was a very rare. It was something only the wealthy would have access to.
I will be darned if he didn't just read my e-mail, but he read my blog and e-mailed me his thoughts! While it is always exciting to hear from a writer that I appreciate, it is truly awesome to get a note from Don Reid. As I mentioned in my review, he is also a member of the LEGENDARY country group, The Statler Brothers. So I am well and truly starstruck.
The swimming flags were close together and probably 100 people or more were crammed between them, some on the shore, the majority just into the surf line and a brave few in the breakers.
I asked her: “So you’ve never had a brand new car.”
“Oh…”
"He turned to his secretary and said 'Have you written up the bill of sale yet on that B-17?' And she said 'No.' and he said 'Worst case of wind damage I've ever seen.' and replaced his B-17.
It’s hard to tell the difference, from this distance,
* China Glaze Crackle Glaze - Cracked Concrete
I teach an Art For Healing workshop that has allowed me to create many process that I share with my students. One of my favorite is to start painting in almost total darkness. This allows us to use paints and tools that maybe we would not choose were we able to see them. Being right handed, I use my left hand to find the edges of the watercolor paper,as not to waste too much time and paint painting the table.
Recommended for fans of comedies that explore young friendships and “fish out of water” syndrome.
If my topic were a record, what would it be? Oh… I like this one. Perhaps something from Of Montreal? They’re a semi-obscure band but if you’ve heard them you’re smiling right now because they’re just really really fun. That’s kind of how the refugee community in Lincoln is. Not a lot of people work with them, but all those who do talk about what a blessing it is to be able to invest in their lives. If you haven’t considered working with the refugee community of Lincoln (or in your hometown… summer volunteer work perhaps?), you really should. You won’t regret it.
Happy presidents day everyone! I don't know about you, but
Thomas Rainwater
I'm making some changes to my blog because I was inspired by a button Shannon created for me (so if you use RSS or similar to read me- come to the site and check out my shiny new header!) Jack refers to construction sites as construction marks therefore: We're under construction marks. Hopefully, when it's all said and done, I'll have a new and mostly permanent look.
No one could have felt more awkward in junior high than I did. I was the new kid in a bigger town and it was my first foray into the American public school system after being educated in the Deep South by one of the finer, yet seemingly sheltered private schools in Alabama. Prior to that, my entire educational career had taken place overseas where my parents promptly enrolled us into an international, English-speaking school in Europe.
I had every intention of being the one to break it off with you, but you beat me to the gun. Doesn't matter. It still hurts. I want to scream and yell at you until I'm blue in the face, but I know it won't change a damn thing.
Lim Siew Cheng, 63,
“There have been several attacks on the offices of Equitalia (the agency handling tax collections) in recent weeks. I want to remind people that attacking Equitalia is the equivalent of attacking the State,” she said.
Last year we watched "High Noon" after a fascinating introduction to the film. This year we saw "Stagecoach" after hearing an original ode to John Wayne, composed and recited by Larry Maurice.
He was shocked. Andy was the first person I told, before rumors of this even got to anybody else. I said, “This is what is in my heart.” He looked at me like, “Are you sure you want to do that?”
The two articles referred to are shown below:-
Eddie: This is here. I should be on the right-hand side of the road.
What I can tell you is that the result is the same. People buy what they see and what they have heard of even what they can't see and haven't heard of may be better. You can't blame them. Just think of the best-selling ice-creams in the country and compare the flavour, ingredients, appearance with that of any really good ice-cream you have ever tasted (e,g. Brivido on Nanni's in Siena or Vivoli or Festival in Florence) and reflect.
F: I think so, yes.
The second date was a lunch, followed by an afternoon walk. When we got back to my place, he asked to see my apartment and we ended up making out on the couch, which was fine…
It was delicious and filling, and definitely the perfect dinner on a cold winter’s night. Plus, it made so much that I have lots of leftovers. I paired it with some rice, but it would be great with some crusty sourdough bread.
1-5 Behold The Child 2:50
The movie tells the story of two nerdy brothers going to college and the problems they face when they realize they are nerds and not very popular among the other students, except among the other nerds. They battle against discriminating jocks and cheerleaders.
For three years, we have wondered what the bizarre squeaking and yowling and chirping and trilling coming from this quirky little animal was. He does it at various times of the night and his favorite place to do it from is the little ledge on the eyebrow window thingy 9 feet off the ground. After these noisy sessions, he has high anxiety and will flop down on my neck with his little heart rate elevated and breathing heavily.
It reminds me so much of LIFE.
12/3 - Las Vegas, NV - House of Blues*
This is based on reports from a photographer, Ziv Oren, who lives in the neighborhood. The police did not alert the journalists as it usually does when a crime is committed.
Collar-St Patrick’s Day (Part of Clover Top) – Bingo
dependant upon what that individual does with
Big bloody battles and heartfelt dialogue carry this story a long way. Julian Comstock is romantic and unflinchingly honest. With Julian Comstock the titular character Wilson has crafted his own Che Guevara, Ben Franklin, and Casey Jones all rolled into one. Even with the telling Julian is still something of a mystery, but his exploits are inventive and awe-inspiring as he holds true to his belief despite what might befall him. As Adam and Julian try to slip away from the noose that Deklan lays for them they unwittingly fall into the very trap as they are conscripted into the Army and taken to the front-lines and so the legend of Julian Comstock aka Julian Conquerer begins. Deklan Comstock the despot of a president remains a cloudy figure even when he takes center stage. A bit of missed opportunity was lost in not having a major interaction happened between Deklan and his wayward nephew Julian.
Lets get started!
I have been so busy with crochet and other orders, I haven't had a chance to post about my little competition again, but I haven't forgotten and should be ready to go next week, so watch this space!
2. Owls are all the rage this season and I must say I have fallen for them as well. I hope they get along with all of the elephants in my house. These andirons are a perfect gift and only $45.
Atwood’s sound is rootsy with a hint of blues, but with a melodic sense that is more contemporary. Atwood studied classical guitar at the San Francisco Conservatory and has been called gregarious and open with a powerful voice contrasted yet complimented by his instrument of choice, guitar, resonator guitar or piano. Rare is it that we find an artist who can deliver this type of emotionality. His writing and his persona seem to come from a soul that is old; making it so when you look at this talented young artist, it makes you wonder if he hasn’t experienced a previous life. Atwood is a Damariscotta, Maine native who migrated south to explore the music that inspired him. He now resides in Asheville, NC and finds the area supportive and inspirational for him as a songwriter.
HA! Thinking back now, I should have pointed to the German to see what would happen. :) Maybe I will try that next time.
To me, the question is kind of like asking a music fan what their favorite song is (or any person, really). Is there ever really a perfect answer? No matter how you respond, you'll almost always think of something later that you'll kick your own ass for not having said, or someone else will chime in and disagree and say something else is best.
But most importantly, I got to meet some new friends and see a few old friends from my Columbia MFA days. We sat down over drinks and food and talked about writing and reading and life and teaching. I realized how much I've missed the intensity of being surrounded by writers, of accessing a shared vocabulary to talk about craft and narrative and sentences and books. I realized I've been going along feeding the fire with tiny bits of kindling and scraps of wood and then this weekend came along and brought with it a barrel of kerosene and two cords of wood.
I'm also happy to see that WotC is clearly associating the game with D&D and is including more iconic D&D monsters in the game. I think that's a brilliant idea. It's also evidence, I think, that maybe, just maybe, there's actually a strategy in place to attract younger people to the hobby. Even if there's not, I'm still grateful that Dungeon! is coming out of mothballs for a new generation. Bravo, WotC! Keep the reprints coming.
going to have to see the world these people are making. I’m just sorry for
From that I take it that Mr Whyte can be prevented from being the director of a football club, but also that he can be prevented from being majority owner. There would, I am sure, be some interesting legal challenges about the fact that Rangers FC Group Ltd owns 85% of Rangers, but Mr Whyte made it clear that he was in charge and that he was the owner.
Earrings made of woven bell-flower in peach shade of japanese glass bead, charming czech flower and fire polished beads on a fanciful heart drop charm. This floral earring gives nature’s inspirations a modern update.
An example is this comment taken from a LibDemVoice article:
(Editor’s note: This is 100% true. I am a social person, but I feel like I’m amongst friends at every barre n9ne class – even if I don’t know a soul. Am I twice as big as most girls taking classes? Yup. Does it faze me? Nope!).
This is the heart of the calendar system. It combines two cycles of sacred numbers: one of 13 days, one of 20. The dates on the tzolkin are a combination of the numbers 1-13 and one of twenty archetypal glyphs. It begins with 1 Imix (that’s July 17th 2012), then 2 Ik, 3 Akbal, 4 Kan, and so on, cycling through all 13 numbers and 20 glyphs ending on 13 Ahau.
My parents have always been avid readers. My father is a big science fiction fan, as well as a reader of assorted locomotive, car, airplane, and motorcycle books that have always inhabited our house. My mother has always read fantasy, mystery, and assorted books on a million different topics, whatever happened to be of interest to her at the time.
The portrait itself was the subject of controversy. Just nine months into his term as chairman, Rangel asked the Federal Election Commission for permission to use campaign funds to pay for the portrait, which his lawyer said would cost more than $64,000.
I wonder if he’d understand the joke if I told him about the mouse running across the rail tracks and getting a chunk of its tail caught under the wheels of the train that came along and severed off. The mouse turned around to investigate the incident and the train ran over its neck and cut off its head.
CHEERS to the New Year!
My local happens to be a wonderful pub with loads of ales on tap and more whisky than you could imagine but I'm in the minority when it comes to what I like with regards to alcohol. Most people would rather stay out all night getting fucked up in a nightclub with loud, annoying music and cheap, fruity drinks that are loaded with caffeine to help them through the long night.
olivia is my oldest she is a whooping 5 years old and let me tell you I am in big trouble when we enter the teen years!!!!! She has been in love with a boy she had in her preschool class last year. They are not in the same class this year but me and Little G's mom have been able to get the too together for a few play dates!!!! Lemmer(aka Brian my husband you know the one I shacked up with) we really like this boy. Little G is fun to be around and has manners and best of all he has a little brother Gracies age so she doesn't drive him insane!!!!
1 (6 oz.) pkg. semi sweet chocolate chips
Anyway, defying all logic, the child has, in fact, been kidnapped from under Kyle's (Foster) nose and secreted away somewhere on the airplane. Nobody, not one fucking person, on the plane sees or remembers a man going somewhere on the plane with a young girl in his arms. The man, the kidnapper, as it turns out, is a sky marshal. His accomplice is one of the flight attendants. It's all part of a complicated (i.e. stupidly elaborate and illogical), Rube-Goldberg-device-like plot to extort a large sum of money from the airline and leave Kyle as the (dead) patsy. You see, they killed Kyle's husband and somehow managed to get themselves on the same flight back to the states. Kyle is some kind of airplane engineer, so they know she'll know where to look for her daughter and would have the necessary skills to plant a bomb on the plane. They've bribed a funeral home operator to tell the pilot that Kyle's husband killed himself and their daughter so everyone will think Kyle is crazy. Do I need to go on? For fuck's sake, whatever happened to just sticking a gun in someone's face and saying "give me the money"?
The Design Team will choose one entry as their Top Pick and the creator of that card will receive a winner's badge to display and will be in the running for a monthly Guest Designer spot to be selected after the last March challenge.
On the third day he rose again
The United States Constitution
Before or after the other events, attendees are invited to view “DJ Screw and the Rise of Houston Hip Hop” (sponsored by the UH Libraries). This exhibition tells the story of DJ Screw and the Screwed Up Click through original artifacts, as well as documenting earlier pioneers and more recent artists who helped to shape Houston’s sound. It runs from March 19th – Sept. 21st at M.D. Anderson Library at UH and will be open to the public during library hours at no charge.
laurence dacade boots
This is intensely personal for me, because there are so many whom I want to see saved, who seem so stubborn in their unbelief. It breaks my heart. I need to remember that it breaks God’s heart far more, because He literally loves each of them enough to send His Son to die for them. There is even one who comes to church regularly, but loves his pet sin too much to be willing to let go of it to receive life. I have no wisdom or strength to get through to these people, so I need to keep praying for them and allowing God’s love to flow through me to them. The man I will see tonight is a particular case in point. Pride is his prison, and he doesn’t even see that the door is already open. It is the Holy Spirit who convicts of sin, righteousness and judgment, (John 16:8-11) so I need to be fully available for however He wants to use me in bringing this man to repentance and faith. That actually is true of everyone to whom I minister, so humble, trusting obedience must be my constant attitude.
I own a few four way convertible bras from EdenFantasys, my favorite being the Baci 4-Way Animal Print Convertible Bra. The four way convertible bras make wearing my racer backs just fine, I no longer have to worry about bra strap tan lines. The straps can be worn criss crossed across my back and line up perfectly with my tank tops.
The apricot is strong, you can smell it right when you pop the cap off. The first sip is fruity and I have heard some complain it tastes too much of apricot to their liking but I disagree, I think it it takes the bitterness away from it and allows for quick drinking that you would get from some other beers combined with the distinct tastes you get from microbreweries. This is the beers strength and weakness. That heavy apricot taste is great for your first beer. It drinks easy and has no bitter after taste. You will down it quick, feel good and look for another beer.
It's hard to get up over and over. It's hard to feel like your life is static and never, ever going to change or improve.
The story fast forwards to the autumn of 1901 in Chicago. The telectroscope has been realeased to the public. “As soon as the Paris contract released the telectroscope, it was delivered to the public use, and was soon connected with the telephonic systems of the whole world. The improved “limitless-distance” telephone was presently introduced, and the daily doings of the globe made visible to everybody, and audibly discussable, too, by witnesses separated by any number of leagues.” Eventually, the inventor is found murdered and Szczepanik is accused, put on trial, and imprisoned. While in jail, he requests the telectroscope. The ability to gaze on the world makes him feel “as free as the birds”; he looks at the strange sights of the world, watches people, looks upon his own life. The device turns winter into summer, storm into calm, as he can look at any season somewhere else on the globe.
My final pieces for Shipherd’s Record need to be in by Saturday, April 1. That was the deadline given by Molly Goaly, head of public relations at Olivet College. I wrote a piece about this year’s Running Night. It originally wrote it for the ECHO—geared to students—and the new version of for Shipherd’s Record—geared towards alumni. I read through the article and edited it. I am also including blurbs from alumni from the 60’s and 70’s about being Greek. Most of the alumni work at the college, but I got a couple who are out in the world. I was looking for alumni who are still involved with their houses, have careers, and who have fond memories of being Greek at Olivet College.
I've only got a few minutes, so I'll just give a short little update on everyone. :)
it’s only a matter of time, but worse still is someone from a neighbour to someone with a mind to will now be able to blackmail anyone who has anything they did not want to world to know.
"Modern Englishmen may at first feel some surprise that the "rule of law" (in the sense in which we are now using the term) should be considered as in any way a peculiarity of English institutions, since, at the present day, it may seem to be not so much the property of any one nation as a trait common to every civilized and orderly state. Yet, even if we confine our observation to the existing condition of Europe, we shall soon be convinced that the " rule of law" even in this narrow sense is peculiar to England, or to those countries which, like the United States of America, have inherited English traditions. In every continental community the executive exercises far wider discretionary authority in the matter of arrest, of temporary imprisonment, of expulsion from the territory, and the like, than is either legally claimed or in fact exerted by the government in England; and recent events in Switzerland, which by the way strikingly confirm De Tocqueville's judgment of the national character, remind us that wherever there is discretion there is room for arbitrariness, and that in a republic no less than under a monarchy discretionary authority on the part of the government means insecurity for legal freedom on the part of subjects.
I love absolutely everything about this room, from the parquetry floors to the 12 foot high ceilings, The recessed shelving for books and treasures complete with pelmet framing. The sheepskin rugs, the painted Louis furniture, the tufted tub chairs, the silk sumptuous fabrics, the turquoise vases and the grand sparkling chandelier! I know swags and tails in most bedrooms can look completely over the top but in a room this grand how could you have anything less? Ok perhaps I would hide the speakers.
None of my siblings could see it through. They all had emotional meltdowns and couldn’t go back in. One of my brothers had to leave the hospital before it even got to that point. And that’s OK. We all handle these things in our own fashion.
But wait! I forgot to mention: I did mention it in my previous post, the multitude of entrepreneurial ideas I’d like to pursue. I am stuck between the two paths, university or owning a business. I’m honestly 99% sure I would do the best on the university track because, well, that’s just who I am. I really am not good with business related-topics; I’ve tried taking business courses, but I fail at them miserably. I just simply do not understand business, no matter how much I want to. Maybe I should take this as a clear sign towards my true path in life? I think it’s obvious – I just love denying it.
Grant Hart All of my senses US
the keeper of the drum
I went to Secretary of State (our version of DMV) to renew my license. Ugh. I've never seen so many people that looked like the crawled out from under a rock. Lots of mullets, a older woman with absolutely filthy clothes, tons of very LARGE tattoos, people that stank like smoke, and people that were just totally clueless.
AG: Oh, I heard "Thai girl."
Please drink and redeem your digital drink tickets responsibly. Tip your bartenders generously.
My issue is with people who either want to have it both ways (the fun of watching something naughty combined with feeling high-minded because you later condemned it ... after watching, of course), or the people who couldn't be bothered to investigate beforehand.
I used Flourishes lemon tree from "Lemons Life & Love" and the sentiment from Flourishes "Berry Sweet". They work very well together and express my feelings exactly!
Maggotron is from Tasmania, Australia – 22 years old – and now living in Stockholm, Sweden. She describes herself as an alternative model – and she work with both experienced and amateur photographers. Maggotron or Chrissy is not a professional model, but the income from the model work helps on her income, as she is looking for work in her new country. The styles she likes to pose in is Goth – Cyber – Alternative – Fantasy – Pin-Up – Fetish – Burlesque – Metal/Rock – Merchandise/Ads – Fashion – Military – Art – Fine Art Nude – but as she is open to all ideas. This should be a great opportunity for photographers in Sweden and elsewhere in Europe – to work with a fresh and beautiful Australian girl. See more info and photos of Maggotron at Model Mayhem and Facebook.
image from nps.gov
Armor in D&D is a pain. There are a lot of assumptions about what should be available and the armor levels are a bit 'hard-wired' into our brains. If you start mucking around with what 'AC3' means there's some potential for misunderstanding. But maybe we can get away with making a three-piece suit equivalent to leather armor.
But truthfully, it is conflicting. When it is a recipe printed in a cookbook I have, originated in recent times, it seems right to share it. The requester could likely look it up (on the ‘net usually) and by sharing, I enjoy helping that person. Is it right to share out of a cookbook? Is it a disservice to the author of the cookbook?
1/2 C (1 stick) butter, softened
The discussion panel chews over the so-called 'independent academic review'. I'm asking my MP to raise this with the Department of Health.
Now, to "prove" that EU policies leads to an overall transfer of emissions to the developing world (or as we might say, "Exports Emissions"), you'd need to, as a minimum, show two things:
Prediction – Orton wins. That’s about all you’re getting from me on this one.
Joy's Life Stamps donated by Abby
“Comedy with content”, one supportive friend said; “it’s too intelligent”, said a useful critic. “Gorgeous legs you’ve got”, said a member of the audience, without irony. I need to improve my writing, and so I will devote time to that; and also I want to see some quality comics.
This builds on some of the themes explored in my report for NESTA, in particular issues of inclusion, media habits and the merits of particular business models.
Level 28: MP Cost: 70, Damage: 274%, Attacks up to 6 enemies 6 times, 38% chance to stun the enemy for 6 seconds.
to beg her not to leave.
Few sequels to blockbuster movies are really worth watching. Sure, sequels make money—gobs of money—which is why studios keep making them, but few people ever argue that the sequel was superior to the original, or even on par with it. For most, the original is best, and the sequel is an action-heavy but shallow imitation of the glory of the original.
Now get to hopping....
As her relationship with Fickle develops into more than just friendship, Immy finds another message board friend, the sweet and lovely Joey, the perfect person to confide in. But can Joey stay out of it when she starts to fall for Immy herself? Things are about to get complicated... -- Expected publication: January 17th 201
So we decided, January 2012, was our month (and year) to start. Several of you have asked if I'd blog about adoption, as you'd find it interesting, and well, as you can see, I've decided to take you up on it.
KIRKISM: “But you’re not a fish, Mr. Spock.”
With all the craziness I have had going on in the last month, plus trying to study for the LSAT, I have been feel really stressed. I felt like I have had so much on my plate lately, that I need a break from it all.
I can't wait to see how this goes!
The best advice I could give is that you keep a list close by and check it if you are unsure. If you already do this, I can’t help any more. If you need a list then click this link.
Say a prayer for me. Jess is out of town for work this week so that's adding to the headache right now.
There are some easy ways to keep this skill in shape:
Number of Races: 1
The new mid-engine coupe is powered by a tuned-up 3.4-litre six-cylinder engine developing 330 hp (243 kW). In the standard configuration it transmits its power to the rear wheels via a six-speed manual gearbox that propels the car from 0 to 100 km/h (62 mph) in 5.0 seconds. Or there is the option of the seven-speed Porsche Doppelkupplungsgetriebe (PDK) that reduces its acceleration time to 4.9 seconds. For even more impressive sprinting performance, the Cayman R can be supplied with one of the optional Sport Chrono packages, taking it to 100 km/h (62 mph) in 4.7 seconds. The new mid-engine coupe is capable of a top speed of 282 km/h (175 mph) with manual gearbox, or 280 km/h (174 mph) with PDK. Its NEDC fuel consumption is 9.7 l/100 km (29.12 mpg imp.) with six-speed gearbox and 9.3 l/100 km (30.37 mpg imp.) with PDK.
The seas have gone dry
Answer / End / Reject call.
some third world country who has fallen out of favor with the groups
I love the beading on this piece. The bodices on the dresses as is the bottom border are hand beaded!
In the tea rooms, the staff busied themselves while we enjoyed the view from a lovely large balcony overlooking a bustling square below. Almost on cue, a performance started in the square with booming drums and a girl singing in Chinese. One of Elliot’s boys remarked – very correctly – that it sounded “a lot like cats f*cking”. Glad it wasn’t me lowering the tone for once.
Nell Walton is an avid horsewoman and also owns two wild horses, both of which came from a herd near Elko, NV. She is also the founder and managing editor of the online equestrian news magazine, The AllHorses Post (www.allpetspost.org/allhorsespost). She has degrees in journalism and biology from the University of Arkansas, spent many years as a professional journalist and worked as an intern for former President Bill Clinton when he was governor of Arkansas. She lives in East Tennessee on a small horse farm with her husband, four horses, one donkey, two cats and two dogs. The Bone Trail is her first novel.
Their jobs were morally complex,
websites, digitized information related to project progress is encouraged and may be used for development purposes by ASA or ALC.
7. NETS: New English Translation of the Septuagint, this is the English Septuagint most everyone with any Greek recommends.
Yet the mission of Nu-Labour has been completed the utter modification of British society and the crushing of popular dissent, today Britain is just a shadow of what she was even thirteen years ago, vast areas have become ghettoised, vast pools of fodder, be it for big-business to exploit or for the former government to utilise to maintain office. It isn’t simply migration, our own people have altered becoming less like they once were and it is a truism to say that many have succumb to the behaviours of the savage, the criminal or simply the thug. All aspects of our daily life have changed and our very infrastructure has been eroded whilst what is left is unfit for purpose, there has been little good to come from Nu-Labour, blood has ran and the rights of the common man have been curtailed, today so cowed have the people become or driven to such apathy that the political holds little interest, permitting all manner of evils free rein.
It is good for basic bible needs.
First, let me make this abundantly clear:
The FpU members were carrying Israeli flags and banners claiming that gender-based affirmative action is sexist, that developing countries must be helped out of poverty through free trade, and quoting from the socialist song ‘the International’ saying that “we are burdened by taxes.”
Rhonda Schrock lives in Northern Indiana with her husband and 4 sons, ages 22, 18, 13, and 5. By day, she is a telecommuting medical transcriptionist. In the early morning hours, she flees to a local coffee shop where she pens “Grounds for Insanity,” a weekly column that appears in The Goshen News. She is an occasional guest columnist in The Hutch News. She’s also blogged professionally for her son’s school of choice, Bethel College, in addition to humor and parenting blogs, and maintains her personal blog, “The Natives are Getting Restless.” She is a writer and editor for the magazine, "Cooking & Such: Adventures in Plain Living." She survives and thrives on prayer, mochas, and books.
*I’m sure that this was intentional but the transition from Betty struggling to fit into her dress and then begging off going to a charity event to Don zipping Megan – slim Megan – up was a nice touch.
by Lee Stern
Are they articulate?
It takes you to the beginning verse of the Bhagavad Gita, in the Sanskrit Mahabharata in Devanagari and English text.
When I woke, I could hear one of my guides telling me quite loudly to go for a walk. I’ve learned through experience to trust my guides and go with whatever they’re telling me because they’re always right. I splashed some cold water on my face, changed into some clothes and grabbed a quick cup of coffee to take along on my walk. I was staying at Marga Country Park, home of a magnificent estate built around 1870 and just below the estate were the ruins of an old Abby. The estate or castle, whichever you prefer to call it, was from the neo-gothic time period surrounded by lush gardens and the beautiful rolling hills of Wales. In the distance, nestled high on a hillside, you could see the ruins of a monastery. Now being a bit of nature person, I thought to myself what a wonderful place to go for a stroll and maybe, just maybe, a brilliant idea would come to me for my speech.
Remember The Top Ten TV Shows Blogfest?
She provides more history, and then says:
The author, Alexa, was a blogger at Flotsam, before she was a published author. She posts there quite frequently, and I find her style funny and refreshing.
And now, chickadees, I’m off to stubbornly pull on my lightest coat, accept the fact that I’ll have to freeze on the way to work, and get this day started.
The truth is, both kids, if kids could really dig for 7,296 miles through the earth, through rock, magma, molten iron, all of that, both would drown instantly as their shovels pierced the seabed above their heads.
The word ‘Kaafir’ comes from the root verb, ‘Kafara’, which means “cover”. It was originally used before Islam, in the Arabic language to describe farmers, when they bury a seed in the ground, and cover it with soil in their planting process. Therefore, Kaafir implies from its root meaning “a person who hides or covers the truth,” or “someone who knows the truth, but conceals the truth.”
Are we going to bump into you? What are you up to this weekend?
And o’er the limpid wave doth slide;
I finished off the day by going back to Kearney and surveying the damage and making sure my fam was okay (they were fine, though a tornado did apparently go right down the street of their neighborhood, and destroyed an apartment building and a house and stacked a couple cars on top of each other a few blocks away.) As the sun set, a rather spectacular display of mammatus clouds burned orange over Kearney:
I just had this overwhelming urge to write AU “Unending” fic where Jack got stuck with them in the time dilation. No idea why. It just kind of jumped into my head. Damn those plot bunnies. I’ve got too many of them in there, I don’t need more.
‘uh, dad? you okay?’
Growing up in a small Northern Arizona town, Faith Cloudfoot’s life was spent playing in the forests surrounding her house under the protective eyes of her father, and learning about the legends of her Native American heritage. Yearning for more out of her life, she moves to Phoenix, Arizona at the age of twenty-three where she is kidnapped and almost killed.
If you stopped reading here, it would sound like a very simple choice, to go with heaven, but I don’t think it is quite that simple.
There's nothing holy or saintly about the Jews that prevents them from killing, be it for Jerusalem or for lesser causes. They have killed innocents for Deir Yassin; they have blown women, children and elderly people into smithereens for Haifa; they have even massacred farmers returning home on their bikes for the sake of keeping a curfew. Why wouldn't they kill for Jerusalem? In fact they did -- or how does Wiesel think that East Jerusalem was illegally occupied by Israel?
I've been a writer for both a morning news program and a primetime news magazine and have written for at least a dozen household name anchors.
Through a fierce rainstorm and some hydroplaning in the darkness of Delaware, we divulged our greatest fears, including inadvertent bowel movements, cyborgs, mean ghosts, year-round Christmas stores, and The Creature from The Village, which looks harmless to me but may someday may leave another on the verge of adult bed wetting. One of the girls flipped off an 18-wheeler in the darkness behind us and was treated to a lecture from me, because it is a well-established fact that psycho truck drivers begin sharpening their killing weapons when angered by sorority girls on back country roads.
WalkenTalken is long Zynga at 8.60.
I should probably start by introducing myself: I'm Rhys, and I'm a 15 year old book lover and blogger. Being one of the few male, teenage bloggers puts me in the position of being the target audience of many a YA/middlegrade writer, and through my blog I am able to express my opinions in the hope that someone will find my thoughts interesting and useful- not least authors whose work I critique.
Yesterday I was about ready to throw in the towel. Two really bad days in a row left me emotionally drained. I actually threatened to put Bug back in ps. Not my greatest Mom moment, but I was at the end of my rope. I had to remind myself of all the reasons I am putting myself through this. You know, it is very easy to find information and blogs chronicling the advantages of homeschooling. They all make it sound so easy, so beautiful, so natural. Well, it isn't. Truth is, homeschooling is hard work.
My morning sickness has kinda gotten worse, the past couple of weeks. But, I have tons more energy for the most part. Which, is fabulous. (Not the throwing up part. haha.) I finally am able to get my booty off the couch and do some Pilates, a bit of Yoga and have power walking days with friends at the park. Last week, I got my first sunburn of the year, while soaking up the sun at the park! Do you know how happy that made me!? Ah! Spring/Summer is around the corner! Yay! Those 3 months of laying on the couch from fatigue and morning sickness haven't been too kind on my thighs. Eeek. I've got a couple of months before I head to the beach. Which means, I'm pretty motivated to walk and Yoga away that cellulite before the waves and the sunshine see my bare legs. haha. Lord help me.
Today is the very last day and I will attend a concert by van Beethoven, again conducted by Rattle. I'm definitely looking forward (and already know what I'm going to wear - something, which freaked me out the last days ;)).
How do you monitor your teen's spending habits? DO you monitor them or do you think that's an invasion of their privacy? Join in the discussion by leaving me a comment here.
The book’s format, with a chapter for each principle, allows you to pick up the book and focus on the topic of greatest need or interest at this moment in time. Taking the time to master your business is essential, and this book can help you do just that. You can learn more about the Victory Circles program and philosophy at www.victorycircles.com.
Author sources vintage shoes from various designers, including Vivienne Westwood for Melissa, Ted Baker and many more, as well as designing a limited range of shoes in house. I loved the collections on show, so much that I left with a pair of Melissa black patent, tribal patterned wedges.
...kinda.
To celebrate the release of Skater Boy - the first book in the "First Kiss Club" I've been asking some fellow authors to tell me a first kiss story of their own! This one comes from PJ Sharon, author of the ebook "Heaven is for Heroes" and "On Thin Ice."
My husband. I can't get enough of him. Cheesy, I know...but it's the truth.
Frog hops with weight 16 reps
Protein from animal sources, such as meat and milk, is called complete, because it contains all nine of the essential amino acids. Most vegetable protein is considered incomplete because it lacks one or more of the essential amino acids. This can be a concern for someone who doesn’t eat meat or milk products. But people who eat a vegetarian diet can still get all their essential amino acids by eating a wide variety of protein-rich vegetable foods.
8) Neil might know more about fashion than me. His knowledge is disturbingly encyclopedic down to Gucci AW02. I am seriously using him as a sounding board from now on. I'm also sure he has Allegra Versace on speed dial.
I can’t deny that the action is good and the graphics pretty top notch, there’s only so much you can polish a turd. Battleship is entertaining enough for the masses and intriguing and expensive enough to bring in audiences regardless of what’s said against it. Just heed my warning that if you do go see it then you’ll probably only enjoy it if you were the one growing up who ruined everyone else’s fun by shoving the ships up your nose.
Fortunately, we are not alone in the fight for freedom. We are in the company of heroes and friends. This gives us the strength to continue.
Uh oh, there's one that'll come back to haunt him ...
“African-Americans have had the same or greater interest rates in entrepreneurship (as other racial/ethnic groups),” says Woodard, a sociologist who has researched work-force diversity and labor force patterns. As evidence, he cited recent U.S. Census data. In July, the Census Bureau released its “Preliminary Estimates of Business Ownership by Gender, Ethnicity, Race and Veteran Status: 2007” report that revealed a 45.6 percent increase in the number of minority-owned businesses from 2002 to 2007.
If you haven't noticed, we drive to Texas OFTEN. I feel like I have the packing and road trip itself down to a science so I thought I'd share some of our strategy.
2 times
Jump Jive and Harmonize by The Plimsouls
8 nodded
Patrick Morley, founder of Casselberry, Fla.–based Man in the Mirror, kick-started a process that paired young men who want a mentor with older men who want to share their lives. Nearly two-thirds of the men in the room made connections.
DINGGGG DOOONNGGGG…..
I am working on another novel which is not zombie-related. It’s about a manic-obsessive who is forced into a situation that is very much outside of his comfort zone. I am taking a more structured development process to building the story and characters, so I will see whether that pans out when I finally begin writing it. My first novel took just over a month to write, although I think if I get the planning done well, this one might even be quicker. I have established the story arc for the two remaining books in the Zed Trilogy, although I want to stagger the release.
It could be from my fingers being submerged in water and sanitizer while washing dishes at work. It could also be from excessive exposure to lemons and limes.
I have recently realized that when I blame foods or sleep or "other",
I loved you
Service was quite prompt, though the paltes of treasures may take some time to be served! Wait staff varied, but most were friendly and smiley. Oh do note this is the one at Orchard and NOT the one near Suntec/Marina Square! This is behind Isetan Scotts/Shaw Centre!
I’ll try to end this on a somewhat good note. Mazui decided to nix all uses of “power” except for the rising powers reference, which is a good thing, considering how incorrectly it was used earlier.
Sebastian: Damn that's a good question. Not really though. I mean, yeah I screwed up and I've done some dumb stuff, but I'm not really the type to get embarrassed. Especially with my friends. We're tight like that. We can give each other shit and know we'd still do anything for each other. WE don't take stuff seriously like that.
I pulled my chair out onto the back porch lawn, in line with her current location, and waited as her orb began to rise through the outlines of pine trees over the hills. Her round head began pushing up through the terrestrial flora, seeking birth out into free, open space.
In mine when I’m asleep.
the water poured kitchen ceiling during rain and the heating did not work.
Carter, a well-bred Virginian, arrives ready to rule. Those ferocious-looking Martians are “infinitely less agile and less powerful, in proportion to their weight, than an Earth man.” Carter doubts “were one of them suddenly to be transported to Earth he could lift his own weight from the ground.” Mars, with its impossibly arrested climate and cultures, are his to conquer. John Carter is the ultimate colonizer. Mars was literally made for him.
I've been away from the blog for so long, let's see if I remember how this goes......
(Environmental, Occupational Health & Safety, Security, Social, Quality – Management Consultants)
We talked about alternative ways of moving. To add in as a little spice. Change up the side step, the back hook, etc.
“Things change over the years. Lots of them are unaware of their entitlements especially Vietnam veterans, Korean veterans,” Samuels said.
I ate my first cherry tomato July 25th!! I have a few more on the way..
purposes)
And then. . . beyond that. . . I don't know. There is a restlessness, a vague depression that is lingering. I can't quite identify it, but I know that loneliness plays a role.
Any predictions or observations?
Ratatouille:
I ran both half marathons without ever stopping one single time, but today I took water from each of the aid stations. This was a challenge as plastic cups do not crease as easily as paper cups. Thankfully I never choked or drowned myself!
Another lawyer at my friend's office, another successful and wealthy man in his late 40s/early 50s, one day complained to his father that the family had spent more money on his sister's college education, who'd attended an Ivy League school. He calculated that his mother and father had spent $39,000 more on her education than his, as he'd gone to a school with a lower profile. He felt he was owed that money and told his father as much. The father gave it to him. My friend knows this because the father, who frequently drops by the office, whispered it all down for her.
When we had the awning put on the back, we did not extend it to the end of our property because if we needed to get up on the roof, there had to be an opening for the ladder.
After my food adventure at the food market, my next two restaurant dinners would occur just a couple minutes stroll down the road. Restaurante Botin is a deceptively large restaurant (four storeys) that holds the Guiness World Record for the oldest restaurant, having been in operation since 1725! They’re known for their good hearty food so of course I had to try it out.
Juan Armando Ceballos, 47, New York, N.Y.
I created my own "Neitherworld" background again with my Copics and my airbrushing system. I just thought it would be something fun and different to do. I hope you like it! My sentiment was created with Publisher. I distressed it with Tim Holtz rusty hinge distress ink just to lose some of the whiteness.
Come, behold the works of the Lord,
Perhaps, her blog is not her place to mourn.
-Thanks!
Oh...and one more thing....thanks to April....our server...who kept us happy and hydrated all day! You are the best....the only server I saw that took a turn in the dunking booth. And thanks to Josh...for being so nice and to the owner for allowing us to peddle our wares for a day! We definately will stop by the Nav A Gator whenever we are in the area and enjoy a cold one!
This is the picture that I created my blog header from, taken at an amazing structure which was built by one of my husband’s cousins, a highly successful and shrewd businessman who passed away not too long ago. We were driving around the city one evening when hubby pulled off a main road and stopped the car in front of this enormous and magnificent development called Altayebat International City for Sciences and Knowledge. The educational facility was built to teach underprivileged children and even houses many of them who are orphaned. It was closed, but even at night the structure itself was quite an interesting sight. Hundreds of oxidized metal antique lanterns provide lighting for the outside. The entire walled-in compound consists of eleven different buildings which are all white with intricate decorative wooden detailing on all windows, doors, facades, balconies and porches painted brown. There is a huge green dome plus several beautiful minarets towering over the buildings. What I was able to photograph was an enormous replica of Old Jeddah constructed along one of the outside walls of the facility. The mini city appears to be made of clay or gypsum and spans an area of about 25 feet wide by 4 feet tall. The charming little village has arched doorways and windows and flat roofs with lots of attention paid to every minute detail for accuracy.
A lovely country inn, with great food and lovely scenery from the beer garden. After a few beers and a tasty meal, it was off to bed ready for the climb the next day.
So what's blooming for you?
Plymouth MN 55447-4446
SWAMPLANDIA!Lastly, “Swamplandia!” started off on a promising note about an improbable family of alligator wrestlers who live on their swampy island cum touristic attraction of Swamplandia!.
Staple down the picture wire then fold the wire back over the newly stapled area and staple again. This will give it some extra strength so you can actually hang things on your wire! Then take a hammer to make sure the staples lie flat.
This is all therapy for Himself, just trying to bring him out of the dark place he has been all winter... hope it works.
Prof Tan Eng Chye
He did unspeakable things to her, then reburied her when he was finished. His goal was to twist her into a submissive slave void of all independant thought, or reasoning, but in order to do that he had to break her down. He did it in two stages, the first was through physical and emotional abuse, keeping them in the box for long stretches at a time, controling everything from when they ate, to how much sleep they were allowed. This made them malliable and easy to manipulate.
admitting their arrogance and flaws,
Wednesday is my first day on the job, and boy am I excited to meet these kids. I hope I have satisfied all your Costa Rican knowledge cravings and feel free to post a comment if you’d like to know more. Tis all for now. Ciao.
About the extras-art book and bonus features:
This seems like a good place to stop this post – more about the fate of the Lancashire cotton industry is to follow in later posts…
DAP’s Boo Is All Talk – Monday, 05 March 2012 13:43 – Tee Siew Kiong
Photography Collection
No one knew who was checked in or out or which tests were which. ‘Sorry Mrs Earnshaw you’re expecting twins’ - don’t bleeding think so. ( only joking – but that’s how unorganised it was) It was ace, lots of frantic dashing about, arguing, shaking of heads – chaos. Only the ‘fagash lils’ outside remained calm – totally oblivious to the madness inside. Back to the old days of getting called for your appointment by a real live person.
Every mother wants a peaceful and gentle birth for her baby. A water birth in this case, is truly considered heavenly and beneficial for birthing mothers. This type of birth not only benefits the mother by helping better relaxation and reducing her pain, but will also benefit her baby too. While babies are inside the amniotic sac in their mothers wombs, they are warm and cozy like as if in a warm bathtub! so if you birth in a similar environment its truly going to be so gentle on the baby. Isn't it?
the thing inside me, that brings forth the disease,
So my man came home from a long day at work and a fun little surprise was awaiting him. He always comes in our side door which opens to a little nook table in the kitchen. On top of the table was a lit candle, a large paper, as pictured above, with the numbers 1,2,3,4 and a positive pregnancy test pointing to the #4. As soon as he opened the door the kids and I were standing near the table yelling surprise! We had the house decorated like a party, streamers, balloons, and signs that read...
A citizen of both the U.S. and Canada, Crystal began performing at the early age of 13 at Nashville's Famous Tootsie's Orchid Lounge, where she earned her first standing ovation. After several years of traveling back and forth with her father who drove a truck through Nashville on his North-South run, Crystal began a permanent gig at Tootsie's at the age of 16.
Mix cake mix, oil, and eggs together.
snarl or Morrissey's plummy plaintiveness. Like the above, Kate
A lot of these replica sites are cheaper simply because they use less expensive materials, not less quality materials. For example, on some watches instead of using Noble more expensive metals they use more efficient metals.
so much so that the President had to acknowledge it.
Long story short, I placed my order on
Jesus knew his spiritual journey depended upon responsiveness to God’s invitations. Although his job was the most crucial in human history, Jesus did not get compulsive, preoccupied or unable to practice the presence of God or people. In the midst of interruptions and overwhelming need, Jesus learned how to discern between invitations. – Pg. 18
Now we come to the cake and a glimpse of some shoes. By the way all my stamps come from various sets from Studio G - they are very tiny sets that I got from my local craft shop for around 99p. This time the card opens horizontally - up, over and down.......
some salt
If anyone asks, “I’ve had it for years!“
Michael Marshall-Smith – Rain Falls
Students who have enrolled in Peer Helping 701 next year are reminded to give their reference forms to staff. Also interview sheet is posted on the resource room door.
The beautiful singer, Nicole Henry, has won praise from both critics and audiences since her first moment in the spotlight. It’s no wonder Nicole has released three TOP 10-selling CDs in the last four years and toured internationally and throughout the United States. For two years after graduating college, Nicole performed around Miami, winning local awards singing original songs and pop covers. Then in 2002, Nicole fell in love with the freedom, melodies and lyrics of jazz. By 2004, she released her debut jazz CD, The Nearness of You, to critical acclaim. HMV Japan named Nicole “Best New Jazz Artist” for 2004 and the CD climbed to #2 on HMV Japan charts, staying in the top 10 for three months. In the U.S., Nicole received rave reviews and was featured on national jazz radio, including Sirius and XM Satellite Radio. Billboard wrote that “Henry is a jazz vocalist poised on the cusp of bigger things,” and indeed she continues to be. Her follow-up CD, Teach Me Tonight with the Eddie Higgins Trio, on Japan’s Venus Records, reached #1 at HMV, and again earned her honors, with HMV Japan naming it the “Best Vocal Jazz Album” of 2005.
Now, I know that many of you have already grabbed the new cutie pie from Tiddly Inks. Her name is Wryn, and she is to die for! I finally got to play a little this weekend, and here's one of my cards with her:
Yes. They do deserve it sometimes, but God has something totally different to say about it. He says to love our enemies and pray for those who do us wrong.
Shall conquer, though they die;
anyway ketosis happens when your carbs get real low. Like if you only eat 20g of carbs a day. The first time I did it I was miserable. Gray outs and dizzy and nausea. Blech! But my body did get better at transitioning into ketosis. Now I get a dull headache for several hours, that's my transition sign, and once I'm in I can tell because my body temp goes up a bit, I feel hot. And sometimes get a bad taste in my mouth. . In winter I like being in ketosis cuz I don't feel as cold. Too bad winter is also when all the holiday goodies are around!
Stop.
From her account, Oliver doesn’t paint a picture of a particularly sentimental Schilling but she should maybe check the gagging order she signed for if it is set out to continue in perpetuity she could find out why he got her to sign it.
Bournemouth tourism chiefs were very unhappy last year when the Met Office supercomputer predicted storms on a Bank Holiday
For those not in the know, most of the blogging calendar’s are just lists of what months celebrate what events and holidays. For example, March is Women’s History Month.
a tight crew, the right tools, know the land
They add a chill to the
Happy Monday to you !!
but not knowing what I am talking about has never stopped me before and from what I have heard from friends it hasn't stopped some of the coaches out there who charge oodles, so here is my advice for hiring a coach for your small business:
What did you all do this weekend??? What do you like to do when you get some unexpected time to yourselves????
Two things strike me here. I hope that 17 inch screen is made from some very heavily reinforced glass because it looks eminently breakable. However, even if it is indeed unbreakable, I'm sure it will be regularly scratched and tagged. Secondly, in such a public space, will anybody dare to use it to check their e-mails?
Wombwell
Yet let us analyze these implications in their general form. Starting with an increase in extreme weather, the erosion of soils and weak rock will increase. This will cause more of the imposing landmasses to crumble into the sea leading to an even greater rise in sea level. The changes will exponentially become more and more unpredictable. A chaotic patter will emerge which can never be studied. People will panic, but the plain fact is that nature is beyond their control. Sea levels will rise, temperatures will spike, and weather will be out of control. Everything will seem to be pointing toward an inevitable apocalypse.
How can we say forever
We played some board game, lipsinged, danced, chatted and so on.
I’ve never had a tasting menu before. I’ve always understood it to mean a menu designed by the chef to show off his skills, providing a range of flavors in one meal. I never knew it meant death by gluttony, albeit a slow and pleasurable one.
The magazine takes a look at the Daleks' greatest ever plans, ahead of their return to Doctor Who later this year.
Season 8 we lost my boy Anoop Desai, whose Idol appearances have apparently been deemed too awesome for YouTube, but you can find one of my favorites here. (scroll all the way down to the bottom of the page)
Being the “son of Gautama” means that Aśwatthāmā was a member of a brahmin family. But Arjuna was duty bound to treat him like an animal, because that is what Aśwatthāmā’s behavior merited. Classical Indian literature evaluates social status not primarily by birth-caste, but by actual behavior.
ajk asked, Can you reject a rating given by boss if not satisfied or escalate it to higher levels?
And I want to baby you make me want to,
Beautiful Madelinetosh Prairie superwash merino laceweight in the Fragrant colorway. This will become a lace scarf that I'll submit somewhere. Or sell in my Ravelry shop. Oddly, this colorway is not listed on her site but is available elsewhere. I guess they need to update the website.
6. “The world is a better and more just place now that Osama bin Laden is no longer in it. I hope the families of the victims of the September 11th attacks will sleep easier tonight and every night hence knowing that justice has been done.” – Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) (May 2011)
Another one that has crept up in the last 2-3 years is where I can be, physically and literally exist and take up Jaime-shaped space, based on the weather. If it’s a day I’m working from home and it’s sunny, I cannot be in my house. I pace around hugging the cat and feeling “off” and unproductive even if I’m getting work done.
AND, she cartwheels (pregnant) in the middle of Times Square.
My final batch of biscuits arrived when I was at work, and I got an email from Mr Soup telling me that there was a Christmas-y parcel waiting for me - I couldn't wait to get home and see what was inside. These were perhaps the most well packaged parcel I've ever received! It was a bit like playing pass-the-parcel with layers and layers of bubble wrap - but the 'present' a the end was definitely worth it - 2 lovely parcels of 'Nutella cookies' - hazelnut biscuits dipped in chocolate and chopped nuts from Helen at Bakery Cottage. Mr Soup took one parcel off to work where they were very happily received. (The bubble wrap has already been used for wrapping Christmas presents!). Helen was also responsible for our first Christmas card of the year - a lovely start to the festive season.
As you probably already know, they made a movie which I think was quite good and faithful to the book. However, if you want my opinion, the book is much better, as always.
Meatless Meatballs (page 139)
so there you have it. my working career or lack of...
Recorded in countless different places in four different countries, although most of it was done in Múm's native Iceland. In Estonia they borrowed a beautiful old house in Leigo, a place with hundreds of lakes, where they wrote new songs and recorded with the Estonian Suisapäisa Mixed choir.
I was SOOOOOOOO high. Higher than Auckland’s Sky tower – not the level where adventurous people jump from – but the very top of lt. And, when you are up there, alone, and scared of heights it’s very, very high. My daughter would love it and no doubt most travellers, and other kiwi, would love to be able to say “I did New Zealand’s highest parasail”
Welcome to the Little Prince Blog Hop! If you have just stopped by thank-you so much. However, you will want to start at the beginning at www.homespunelegance.blogspot.com so that you don't miss any of the designer's projects, or the chance to be entered into our fabulous giveaways!
+ 1/2 cup flaked almonds
I love doing things for children so I jumped at the chance to be a part of this very special hop, I hope they will love my layout as much as I enjoyed making it! :)
Have a wonderful & creative day
Date: Wednesday, January 7, 2009, 6:05 AM
Brace yourselves, this will be a shock.. As of today, as of this morning, I am cancer free. Yes, you did read that right. The CT scan showed No Sign of Disease otherwise known as NED.
May 3rd is our 2nd Annual Faith and Solidarity Breakfast! We invite you to come and share a meal with us as we gather to reflect on our work, to honor the work of our beloved Rev. Dr. Norman Faramelli, and hold up the faithful witness our members give to the labor for worker’s rights!
2 tablespoons of port
I created the base with acrylics and added detail by sponging through some sequin waste and over stamping in random areas with CI 161 text stamp.
Foreign Affairs minister Luis Almagro said that the Uruguayan government does not oppose trade with the Falkland Islands and any undertaking to that effect by the private sector is welcome since “Uruguay does not agree with any commercial or economic blockade of the Islands”.
Long blurb
Bennett, after realizing I was ironing, "Mommy, why are you ironing?! Girls aren't supposed to iron!"
After finishing our antique secretary (which I'll post about later), I had leftover Old White and decided to use it to redo a few items to add to my inventory.
When I was in college, I lived with my ex-husband (who was at the time my boyfriend) and along with going to school full-time and waiting tables five nights a week, I would pick up the occasional babysitting shift for my neighbor across the street. She was a nice enough lady, one of those hippie-ish types that ate a lot of granola and organic yogurt and unbeknownst to me liked to feed her baby beets---LOTS of beets. So one of the first times I babysat for her and went to change the kid's diaper, I opened the tabs and found what looked like a cross between massive hemorrhaging and a dump made by Barney. I completely freaked out...and you have to remember that this is before everyone and their mother was carrying a cell phone around 24-7, so I couldn't just call the woman up. I hosed the kid off in the kitchen sink and looked to see if he was bleeding still from any orifices and then called a friend who was in the nursing program at Sac State...at first she was concerned and then there was a pause and she said, "Wait! His sh*t is PURPLE? Do you know if his mom fed him beets?" I looked in the fridge and sure enough, after some digging around there was a Tupperware container of some sort of chunky dark purple vegetable jammed in the corner. Mystery solved...and the start of my beet enlightenment. For the longest time after that though, whenever I came across the words "beets" on a menu or a recipe, I'd cringe and remember that diaperful of glowing burgundy colored #2. It wasn't until about five or six years ago that I allowed myself to be talked into trying the vegetable in a simple roasted beet and goat cheese salad. Since then I've gotten over my aversion and have had beets prepared in numerous ways but this simple salad is still one of my favorite ways to eat beets.
1 avenues
Excerpt: (links removed)
It's the same with scars we may carry on our heart. The Lord heals our heart, but it's true that we may carry some consequences from our past sins. We have our memories of who we were before Christ came into our lives, and some may be downright ugly. The Lord is so good to make our hearts new, but to leave these little reminders so that we can be grateful for how much He has changed our lives. And we can use our experiences of where we came from to help others.
The “do-what-I-feel” method is good because marathon training doesn’t have to consume your life — just a large portion of it. However, it does have its negative points because at times one does not take training as seriously as she should.
1 pressure
Plotter or Pantser?
My wish for you is to remember–
And I’m pretty sure, Elizabeth, your question has to do with the beautiful island of Puerto Rico.
During these days, Barbra was like a teenage gypsy, traveling around with a cot, sleeping on the floors of friends' apartments, while she pursued her dream of being a star.
My friend is always a super early, very responsible type. I was concerned when she hadn't arrived by 9:20. Thinking she might be stuck in traffic, I called her cell phone and got her voice mail. She's been out of work since Friday with her blood pressure. Still nothing by 9:30 and just her voice mail. That's when Duane got up and we conferred. If I left on the next bus, I would be two hours late and that's a half a point. Duane said, "Well, the perfect attendance you were going for November is shot anyhow, just call in and take the whole point." Besides, I would have been a nervous wreck when I finally arrived, and had a lousy day.
And that's why I WRITE!
Are my brothers and Dad.”
No, I didn’t buy a caganer. I can’t quite do it. Maybe I’ll get over my uptightness about it after some more time here, but for now it just seems a bit too rude in that holy scene.
The writer, I was shocked to find, was the other Alan’s stepniece; she told me she had known him since she was 5. Her letter laid out the family’s relationships — I knew that Alan was estranged — and then concluded on a melancholy note.
I have nothing more to write tonight. Today I stretched and walked a very little but the more important thing is that I sat in the sun, on a blanket in the park with a good friend and played cards. I let my knee rest. I laughed. I had fun. Oh, and I won.
Tom: Like plums mixed with…
The first evening we were in a packed restaurant. "Years ago that wouldn't have been possible," said my companion, as a young black family came in and was shown to the last empty table. I engaged my mouth before my brain. "Why not?" I said. And then I remembered. Being a child of the fifties wasn't just cowboy films. It was also segregation. So we started talking about protest. We weren't drinking tea. She had watermelon juice and I had rice milk with cinnamon. We were a long way from Gloucestershire and I had a lot to learn.
I can understand how Valentine’s Day can suck if you’re single. Going out and seeing a bunch of couple madly in love or madly in lust or just out so they can have Valentine’s sex. I know how that is. It’s annoying. It reminds you of how you hate being single. I get where that bitterness derives from. Even still, that’s not an excuse to sit around and talk shit about everyone else that is in a relationship or has a Valentine.
No video game franchise had such an impact on my taste in video games (and my last.fm counter) as the Silent Hill series by Konami.
While Ambiga doubts that the government and police will be “stupid enough” to risk negative publicity again, her colleague Andrew Khoo says that nothing can be discounted.
Duration 3:57 Minutes
And exulted at how either of us could for each other proclaim,
I thought I’d be eligible for benefits by the time I got done discussing a fellow’s case with Medicare this week. Note to interested parties: It is terribly difficult to send money to a government agency.
Put them in the oven. I'd say 12-15 minutes. But watch them. If they start to brown--get them out!!! They burn very easy!!
with the last of his words,
