"I like Italian clay pots the best," she said, "They're the most sturdy, and they retain water, so they stay cooler."
Barbara Kott said she was dumbfounded by how stressful even the preschool application system was in the city. She and her husband for years had been members of a Catholic church, and her daughter, Kelsey, was baptized there. But Kelsey was placed on a wait-list for the church's preschool.
Seau's mother appeared before reporters, weeping uncontrollably.
The watershed moment came when he arrived home from work one day to find piles of heavy iron fencing blocking the driveway. As usual, the garage was already brimming with Quimby's various bruised and battered finds.
Alternative fuels: Kasich wants to help grow the use of compressed natural gas, or CNG, as a fuel for cars and trucks. His administration is assessing the conversion of all or part of the state fleet to CNG. The administration is proposing a revolving loan fund to help build a network of NG as well as biodiesel and ethanol fueling stations.
Do you buy Girl Scout cookies for the cookies or to support a worthy cause? And what do you think about the price -- just right or too high?
You can see already how Tavern on the Square could evolve into a Canton mainstay. But there's still work to be done. Right now, everyone here seems to be catching their breath — the kitchen crew especially, but the serving staff, too. The ingredients are here, though, as are good intentions.
Sears Holdings rose the most in more than two months after saying first-quarter profit excluding some items was as much as $195 million after selling stores in the US and Canada, compared with a loss a year earlier.
The homer let Wilson avoid becoming the first pitcher to lose four times in a single postseason. The eccentric lefty who alternates red and blue gloves between starts had another uneven outing, working around five walks.
Under a previous agreement with the General Services Administration, the cost of the cleanup would be deducted from the cost of the land, set at $28.5 million. Parks Director Greg Mack said the cleanup contract becomes "the basis for our negotiations" with the federal government.
Our changing stateColorado's 1960 population was 1.8 million; now we've passed 5.1 million. The state covers 66.3 million acres, or 104,247 square miles. Forty-two percent of that is public land — city, county, state and national. In 1962, we had 39.9 million acres of privately owned farms and ranches creating the legendary Western landscape; today it's 31.3 million acres. We've lost 8.6 million acres of ag land, the open space we crave, and food producers. (A hopeful note: more than 1.8 million acres of open space, primarily farms and ranches, are now protected by conservation easements against development.)
Moe joined luncheon guests in dropping daisies -- symbol of a POW's military code of silence-- at Tri-C's POW memorial. He snapped off a quick salute as his flower fell, and a black POW/MIA flag fluttered overhead in its own silent tribute.
The move could either bolster Rubio's appeal to be Romney's running mate at a time when the presumptive nominee is struggling mightily with Hispanic voters. Or it could lead to a divisive internal debate within the GOP and wound the rising star's standing on the right.
Jackson countered that the teachers’ collective bargaining powers will not be weakened. The school district still has to negotiate with the Cleveland Teachers Union, as well as all other bargaining units that are part of the district. In fact, those discussions already are occurring, he noted.
Seckman (15-11) plays Fox at Arnold A.A. on Wednesday at 4:45 p.m. Parkway North (8-17) will host Summit on Thursday at 4:15 p.m.
I have a rule: I don't go to the same restaurant twice in a year. I use "Cleveland Ethnic Eats." I like to support the mom-and-pop businesses. There's Thai Kitchen in Lakewood. For Mexican, it's Mi Pueblo on Lorain. Udupi in Parma Heights cooks the same as in my state back home.
Evans finished third that day, remarkable for a kid who hadn't turned 18 yet.
Kansas player who must be locked down: Kansas point guard Tyshawn Thomas was playing on a right knee that required surgery soon after the Jayhawks' win over Ohio State on Dec. 10, when he had nine points, 13 assists and seven turnovers. He's looking to be that much better today. "I think a lot of people forget that I was hurt when we played the first time," Taylor said. "I was playing with a big brace on my knee, which is really uncomfortable. I wasn't 100 percent. From Dec. 10 till now, I think I'm a completely different player."
• Hot coffee, fresh doughnuts and juice will be served 9-10 a.m. Saturday, April 28, in Halethorpe-Relay United Methodist Church, 4513 Ridge Ave. Join friendly members and discover how God's love can spread through a community when people of faith work together. Digest good news at 410-242-5918.
I asked one of the retail shops to please call the mall for me. They did this and still no one came. I had to walk the mall until I found a security guard.
It opens with a shot across the bow at Cordray's Republican foe Mike DeWine as a female narrator intones: "For years Washington insiders have torn apart our country" as DeWine's picture flashes on the screen with a graphic detailing his time in Congress.
For Lee, the agreement comes amid harsh criticism at home that his response to a deadly artillery attack last month by North Korea on a South Korean island has been weak and indecisive. His government, which once had said it would not renegotiate the trade deal, could face harsh criticism at home if the compromises on autos are seen as a capitulation.
First-quarter unemployment here was 9.6 percent, mirroring the state but slightly above the nation's 9.5 percent joblessness rate.
Scientists presenting the report said they also hope that a simple, concise and consistent symbol for packaged food would provide a powerful motivation for food manufacturers to reformulate their products to gain a higher rating.
Information from nine institutions, Meyerson said, led the committee to conclude that there is no standard method for dividing funds between a law school and its parent university.
Apple is not among the 30 companies that the three-member committee of Dow Jones representatives has ordained as the enterprises that provide a "measure of the entire U.S. market." But you know what is? Alcoa.
Only a change in law, experts said, would change that. Shielding teacher rankings from public view is likely to become a new pressure point in the debate over how to measure the effectiveness of teachers, lawmakers and officials said Monday.
Quevedo proved he wasn't only about silver bikini bottoms -- he covered up his female models in interestingly shredded sweater knits, and a pair of quilted balmacaans with matching miniskirts were nicely done.
Counter-terrorism experts also suggest the assassination plot may be linked to an internal power struggle in Tehran between President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Supreme Leader Ayatollah Sayyed Ali Khamenei, who wields ultimate control over the Quds force. Given the high level of professionalism of most previous Quds operations, the clumsy way this plot was carried out — almost as if it were intended to be discovered — has led to speculation that it could even have been a deliberate attempt by the Khamenei faction to embarrass President Ahmadinejad and undermine his authority. In the wilderness of mirrors that characterizes Iran's fractured political structure, it may prove impossible to figure out the motivation of all the various players or the rationale behind their actions.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Unfortunately, the Bucs legacy stopped here...
We understand Stanton's dilemma, but residents also are facing potential hefty state and federal tax increases, as well as inflation as seen every time one fills up a car's gas tank. Government should not cost more than the people's ability to pay. Increasing the city's tax burden actually could hurt Stanton, rather than help it.
How an obvious computer error escalated into a security breach that caused so much trouble for an 89-year-old man is baffling, but it happened, and it could happen to anyone as the Transportation Security Administration tightens its boarding-pass review process.
The deficits have been driven higher by the lingering effects of the worst recession since the 1930s. About one-third of the higher deficits in this period are a result of a drop in government tax revenues.
Twain was 26 in 1861 when he traveled West by stagecoach. His adventures were recorded in "Roughing It, " a book that still resonates for passengers on the Tahoe Queen, one of two paddle-wheel excursion boats operated by Aramark Parks and Destinations.
One of the vehicles swerved in front of James' car and blocked his way. Six police officers in street clothes came out of the two vehicles and surrounded James' car with guns drawn.
Despite the on-time improvement from December to January, complaints to the government about airline service were up 13.5 percent. They were down 7.8 percent from January 2010.
1224 Addison Dr, $22,000
Singer Mario was by-the-numbers on his performances of "Crying Out for Me," "Let Me Love You" and "Break Up." Garrett, a hit songwriter for the likes of Usher, Mario and Chris Brown who is trying to become an artist in his own right, failed to make a strong case for himself with a set that relied too heavily on the limited appeal of taking off his shirt.
In all, the Broncos converted 14 of their 20 third-down attempts. That 70 percent conversion rate is the second-best since 1991, when the statistic began being tracked.
For all the headlines that the Greek crisis generated, Spain is potentially a much bigger problem. Greece makes up about 2 percent of the gross domestic product of the 17 countries that use the euro, but Spain makes up 11 percent. Its problems also raise questions about how far the crisis will spread.
Adam: When CM Punk walked into last year’s “Money in the Bank” as a villain, he received the loudest reaction of any fan favorites that night. Now, he’s returning home in the fight of his life against an opponent who has dragged him down a dark path of memories. The crowd reaction for this match should be insane, and the booking seems right for Punk to give the crowd just what they want to see.
Kucinich failed to win a majority vote on that matter when the House took it up, but support for his position was shared by nearly 150 House colleagues. Even Republican leaders showed some dissatisfaction, offering an alternative resolution -- which passed -- requiring the president to explain the legal rationale for his Libya mission by the end of this week.
On the surface, the minimum benefits requirement does seem to mandate comprehensive coverage. But another provision of the law works in the opposite direction, and the two have to be weighed together.
Yakin writes his story into a few corners, and the object of this quest, again having to do with numbers, is so pedestrian as to remind you that this is the guy who wrote "Prince of Persia" and the dreadful"Dirty Dancing"sequel.
The gathering near Hillel's Levine-Weinberger Center had the atmosphere of a street fair as students from Hillel's "Owls for Israel" club and representatives from the local chapters of the Jewish National Fund and MASA talked with students and handed out literature.
The NRC designates an unusual event as an occurrence that could indicate potential degradation in the safety at the plant. It is the lowest of four emergency classifications.
"It's got all the minimum essential benefits in it," he added. "It's got to have wellness, preventive, contraceptives — all kinds of things a 30-year old would never need. It's not remotely catastrophic."
So the idea that Congress mandate that all Americans buy health insurance isn't that far-fetched and has legal precedent, argues Leslie Meltzer Henry, assistant professor of law at the University of Maryland and associate faculty member at Johns Hopkins' Berman Institute of Bioethics.
The earthen levees, built in the 1940s and 1950s, protect an area that is home to more than 150,000 people and more than 7,000 businesses, as well as key transportation arteries.
"We have 11 months and we are readjusting our schedule," Rabell said. "In all projects you have some challenges. We have time to make this up and we have no doubt — no doubt — that we will do it."
Clearance sales could begin as early as this weekend, according to documents filed with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in New York. Borders said it is losing about $2 million a day at the stores it plans to close.
Until now, nearly a quarter century later — a new affront, a new challenge. Now, Gene Cassidy is once again dying from what happened at Appleton and Mosher.
“I know what I know,” he answered, “and I know that I’m not the same quarterback that I was back then.”
Because Austria was slow to recognize that it was more a Nazi ally than a victim, some of the doctors suspected of complicity in the killings worked as renowned researchers into the 1970s, based in part on their activities during the Hitler era.
They're wrong. The abandonment of the case management system is a barely tolerable defeat — not for one side or the other in some obscure struggle for control between local trial courts and central administration, but for Californians who are entitled to, and have been paying for, a judicial system that serves their needs with modern facilities and accessible, up-to-date technology.
April 19-22 - Dogwood-Azalea Festival - Charleston. Tour the six-mile Dogwood-Azalea Trail, aglow with the beauty of magnificent dogwoods and azaleas at peak bloom. Activities include home tours; a bazaar; a parade; ice cream social; an art show; piano concerts (16 pianists); and carriage rides.
Valley companies such as Facebook, Intel and Oracle are all reportedly signed up in support of CISPA, which is understandable. They are the ones with the most to lose in a cyberattack. But Internet users deserve to have their privacy protected, too. And as the bill now stands, personal privacy protection is all but nonexistent.
Details: 7:30 p.m. Thursday-Friday, May 31-June 1; 2 and 7:30 p.m. Saturday, June 2; 1 p.m. Sunday, June 3. Symphony Hall, 75 N. Second St., Phoenix. $17-$121. 602-381-1096, balletaz.org.
"Surviving Progress" offers no glib answers to such conflicting interests, but to fault the movie for that is like blaming a brilliantly constructed fire alarm for not being a hose.
The Cavs are 11-17 heading into Sunday's matchup, while the Kings are 10-20. While Casspi is averaging a career-low 7.8 points, he's working hard to contribute in other ways.
15-19 male:
UMBC, the No. 2 seed, ended its season with a 5-8 record and lost for the third time in its past four contests.
Lohse (4-1) didn't have the best of fielding support but he did also surrender a three-run homer in the second inning to Houston's Jose Altuve as he gave up five runs, three earned, in five innings at Minute Maid Park.
His many awards included papal knighthoods, honorary doctorates, visiting professorships and the 1997 Humanitarian Award of the American Association of Neurological Surgeons. He was one of 85 doctors portrayed in the book "Modern Neurosurgical Giants."
The group sends volunteers to help rebuild communities across the country affected by disasters.
"They are from clean cuts," Higgins said.
“I rodeoed some mostly roping calves, but I did ride a bull once and once was enough. I’m not that brave. I became a blacksmith, then a veterinarian and finally a trainer of thoroughbreds.”
But the circuit court decision was only the start of a legal clash that lasted a dozen years and divided the Serbian Orthodox community in the United States.
That does not mean that young people are shifting in large numbers to Romney. A new Web-based survey by Knowledge Networks for Harvard University's Institute on Politics found that Obama leads Romney with 43 percent to 26 percent among those 18 to 29 years old, 6 points higher than last winter.
332 Ladue Lake Dr, $485,000
To argue otherwise is pretty naive in this day and time. If Atlanta doesn’t do it, some other city in search of an NFL team will be waving a lucrative aid package. Just ask cities that have lost sports teams.
Expectations are rising for U.S. home builders as signs of a long-awaited recovery in the battered housing market start to emerge. Still, while some industry watchers say more home buyers are beginning to stir, not everyone is convinced that the critical spring selling season will be a success.
"I think he got caught by surprise last year. I think at times, he gets a little wandering, if he's not hitting, " he said.
Daily: 836 Win 4: 8293
'That magic recipe'
In a couple of weeks, the FAA, engine manufacturers and the airplane type certificate holder will gather at the savage facility to do a more detailed examination of the wreckage in a more controlled environment.
He and the others who managed to escape the swift-moving fire sought refuge in the only somewhat-safe place around: the Peshtigo River. They stood in the chilly waters for hours until the sea of flames swept away the entire town. In the chaos, the priest was separated from his holy tabernacle.
Happy Girl Kitchen Co. 15
But with much less fanfare, wealthy donors have begun playing a parallel role in the country's next-largest educational network: Roman Catholic schools.
As the officers and the St. Andres sat in a row behind eight defense lawyers this morning, about a dozen family and friends of the officers watched from the audience.
Maybe it's the adrenaline rush. Maybe it's the craving of approval. Maybe it's greed.
Paulson didn't blink.
ø"I don't how Golden Boy's going to take it, but I'm ready to make a statement, I'm ready to pull the upset."
"There are certainly some of our members who do not have capability with the current software to easily provide that information," Maldow said. "Some of the smaller, independent pharmacies do not, and those are the people who are barely hanging on."
Circumstances surrounding the pursuit are being investigated jointly by the county professional standards bureau and the Newark police Internal Affairs Bureau, authorities said.
In November, the Post-Dispatch reported that Hull was interested in becoming an investor with Stillman's group. But sources said the situation has developed into a managerial role, in which Hull would work with Davidson and Armstrong. Hull replaced Armstrong as the general manager of the Dallas Stars in November 2007, becoming co-GM with Les Jackson. But it was a brief stint, ending in 2009, and Hull was re-assigned within the organization.
Bamboo also offers utility.
With just about a week and a half to prepare for her major life change, Gallagher has had to rush to get everything in place.
"I was crushed that I couldn't do for him what he did for me, but my brother reminded me that I've learned a lot from wrestling," he said. "Something that's really special was all the support I felt in the arena. You don't know how many people care about you until something like this happens."
Hansen will be away for 2 1/2 weeks in early October, the first of three trips to take place in the next year and a half to two years. Hansen said he timed the first trip explicitly for after the September opening of the MAX Green Line and before the onset of winter weather, which thwarted agency operations in December.
Adrenaline surging, Downham removes his helmet and takes out the ear plugs that help save his hearing from the violent roar of the rotors and engine. He puts on his fins, mask and snorkel, and hooks onto the hoist that will lower him into the water.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and other top Democrats had called for Weiner's resignation.
øTV watching
Sarah was represented in court Friday by her lawyer Cansu Sahin and her spokesman said: ''The court wasn't in possession of the full facts. Her legal team have explained that she didn't produce the documentary, she was just a contributor.
Phillip L. Byrd, 21, Eric S. Darden, 20 and Raheem D. Simmons, 18 were each charged with the shooting death of 28-year-old Sunil Rattu of Old Bridge. They were also charged with wounding 24-year-old Radha Ghetia of Parlin.
Neighborhood Italian restaurant popular with The Star-Ledger crowd. Craving pizza? Try the pan pizza. Also on the menu: subs; seafood; veal and chicken entrees, plus rigatoni, linguine, angel hair, gnocchi, fettucine and other pasta dishes.
Although AOL and Telepictures, divisions of Time Warner, launched the site in 2005, executive producer Harvey Levin is its heart and soul.
Why wasn't the Chevy Volt chosen as the Indy 500 pace car?
Nobles issued an initial 19-page report on May 20 indicating the Strike Force had mishandled large sums of money and property seized during investigations. The auditor could not account for at least 13 cars and more than $18,000. That night, Strike Force operations were abruptly suspended by Omodt after he discovered some of the unit's 34 members had removed files that day from their New Brighton headquarters and bins of shredded documents were found on the premises.
He was born in Jerusalem of Russian parents who had fled the czar's pogroms.
