sea salt and cracked pepper
I believe this is an experience that every single study abroad student has on the first Friday that they spend in Morocco:
But back to the on-point-former-sewing-machine-cover. I ended up needing to trim it quite a bit and add borders in order to square it up, but I think I like it even more bordered than without. I think it will eventually become a mini wall-hanging, probably to be hung near my sewing machine.
They were.
Even though there’s no risk of Montezuma’s revenge, Fransisco still drowns the dish in lime juice, a tradition in Mexico to keep bad bacteria at bay.
While Forest City Ratner says it owns or controls 90 percent of the project site, that percentage is a bit misleading; of ten buildings that still contain rental tenants, six are owned by the developer. Even though those six buildings are counted in the 90 percent, FCR has not yet gotten tenants in those buildings to move.
For his work on the Enterprise and his Blender Tutorial
I'm turning 37 this Friday (May 18th)!
So, having said that where does it leave us? Well, if we take a look at the top three in the event Bolt was 10.02 the season before his breakout year (9.69 the following year); Gay was 10.06 the season before his breakout year (9.84 the following year); and Powell was 10.02 the season before his breakout year (9.87 the following year). So any of these guys could potentially be the one. If I were going to say who I thought had the best chance it would have to be Dix, Williams and Bailey. They have the best overall set of skills to make that move to the next level. Gatlin is the elephant in the room – the guy that could change everything.
I found the whole story at the dating agency was really entertaining, and I enjoyed reading about Amy's matches, both good and bad as the book went on. You could sort of anticipate whether it'd be a good date for Amy or not by the lead up and way the person was discussed, but that didn't spoil my enjoyment of the book. I had a bit of a soft spot for Christopher, the owner of the dating agency, Amy just pretty much ignored him aside from when he was useful to her and I felt sorry for him as I could read between the lines a bit. Amy herself was a fun character, I do have to question her morals a bit because a few of the things she did in the book I found a bit questionable and seemed out of the blue, but in her more normal moments, Amy was great. I can't confess to knowing a great deal more about star signs and compataiblity now I've read the book, but there is enough in there about to keep you going as you read, and it's fun to read about astrology as the book goes on too.
I want to be “lit up” always! I don’t want to be sad. Or angry. I don’t want to be an energy drainer. I want to strengthen and grow with those around me. I want to encourage, not depress.
- S$20 for adult
My list of thankfulness has to start with God. I am beyond thankful and in awe that He has allowed me to have the life I do. "I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me, Philippians 4:13" is a verse that comes to mind often. This life I get to lead is not because of me, it's in spite of me far too often. God keeps letting me screw up and still keep moving forward despite my shortcomings.
We are told that a majority of English people favour leaving the EU, and that many of them want to 'kick Scotland and Wales out of the UK'
"Self-love is the only weight-loss aid that really works in the long run." - Jenny Craig
I also tucked in the parcel a little pomegranate fob as a special thank you to Lynn for introducing several folk to my blog.
I have an excuse, of course I do - my parents have been visiting and I've been busy showing off my current home town to them - but they left today and now... Well, now it's back to reality. So I plan on posting for Tara's Gallery tomorrow and then having something more interesting (than this, at any rate) to write about shortly after that...
Of course after this brief photo session it was back to work as usual.
Ambitious Senator Carinna knows something must be done: erratic young Caligula Caesar, the new Emperor, needs a companion and confidant. Carinna’s older son, groomed for the job, is dead – leaving only bad-boy Marcus, who has just returned from the German frontier trailing minor clouds of glory. And a hostage.
The Tales series has always had interesting cast of characters and story that kept me coming back to play the series. I can’t even count the number of games that I’ve played from this series, and that just goes to show how appealing this series is. And that brings me to the latest English translated Tales game that’s coming out soon for the PS3, Tales of Graces F.
A1: Mama, I wish we spoke Korean at home.
Prologue: Hutta – Empire Start Planet – Level 1-10 (Imperial Agent / Bounty Hunter)
Out of no where I was actually bein affirmed for being ME! so I began to embrace myself even more, and the more I accepted, the mire beauty I found and the more I wanted to show THAT guy to the world!
Literature elements - setting & mood
Powered by a single Williams Inter–national FJ33-5A turbofan, the D-Jet should have a 500-lb. tanks-full payload, cruise as fast as 315 KTAS at FL 250 and fly at least 1,100 nm at its 240 KTAS long-range cruise speed and land with NBAA IFR reserves. It will have two seats in the cockpit and three seats in the main cabin.
Cracks and reforms and bursts in the violet air
G.R. No. L-2044 August 26, 1949
Freedom...
in heat
I guess it shouldn’t surprise me in the way geese fight, having inadvertently gotten too close to goose nests at times while paddling, I know that they use every available weapon they have to wage war on an intruder. They will slam into you, beat you with their wings, claw you with their feet, and bite you with their bill, which alone is enough to make you wish you had paid more attention in the first place.
One Last Bite
There are two little drawers full of fused scraps in my studio. To begin I created a pieced background with 5 irregular strips of dark fabrics. From my stash I pulled out a gray, dark print, blue, red and green fabrics of a similar dark value, pieced them together. This is not an attractive background but it is interesting.
It gets pretty tiring being a public figure, but I figure putting on a show for the cameras is the least I can do for you little people.
Next, break apart each empanada disc and individually lay them out (but don’t pull them apart if they’re not well-thawed).
If I sound like I’m being overly harsh on a show that never marketed itself as being anything other than a primetime soap, I make no apologies. There are far better shows out there playing that game. What made Ringer infuriating was its insistence on insulting its audience with in-episode flashbacks, and characters so stupid it made it seem like the entirety of Lower Manhattan was experiencing carbon monoxide poisoning (if one more person, apropos of nothing, reminds Bridget of things Siobhan regularly does or doesn’t do I’ll kill her myself). If you’re going to earn yourself a reputation as a place where crazy plots reside, at least commit to the bit – have those bitches meet in episode seven, do a game-change in a mid-season finale, and dispatch one or more of the leads in the finale. Don’t whimper over the finish line by coasting on a mystery that you insist on not solving.
I received Year One of the two year curriculum, which included the teacher's edition and student text. Retail price for one year of Write with WORLD is $95., or both year one and two for $165; this also includes a year's worth of online support in the form of examples, writing prompts, and an online teachers forum for each year of curriculum purchased. It also offers your student a chance to be published on the site. Because the online support site is not yet live, I didn't get the chance to check it out, so I cannot say what-all will be available on the site.
seriously...there are entire computer programs dedicated to calculating the perfect, ideal, optimal milk producing rations for these girls!
There just wasn’t a 33.
The master mind behind it was not as everyone thinks, Chippy Shaik, he was small fry. It was the double agent and Apartheid spy Joe Modise, now deceased, but the former Minister of Defence.
Goal #2 ~ Yeah, working on the 3rd draft of my picture book SWITCHING DAYZZZ.... just didn't happen. *See goal #1*
More than words - Ok, I could be blatantly breaking the 200 followers here. If Jodie Ansted’s new blog hasn’t attracted 200 already, as the writer behind Mummy Mayhem, it won’t take long.
There are several humor stories that have been the best-selling books for a long time in the market. A plethora of new writers and the contemporary style of scripts have been gaining enough recognition which aims to offer fresh and subtle humor. In fact, these days the culmination of mystery & humor stories is being liked by immensely by the readers. Also, the write-ups that depict love and compassion are famous among readers. Books based on romance stories have beautiful moments which are extremely interesting and keeps the readers engrossed till the end. Fiction stories are undoubtedly one of the most suitable ways to spend time and acquire interesting thoughts for people all over the world.
Despite my inclination for home and hearth occasionally I must hoist myself out of the lounge and into the big wide world to give my children experiences beyond their small hometown and away from the digital activities that seem to control their free-time.
Daffodils = Spring, yay!
The video begins in black and white with sombre music and depicts the year 2008.
Think about it: if the gender roles had been ordained by God, and, indeed, encoded right into the nature of boys and girls (as any competent God really ought to have done), then surely it shouldn’t matter how a child is brought-up; if males are ordained by nature towards masculinity*, then what bloody difference would parenting (which is, of course, a social factor) make? May I conclude, selon the pastor, that if I dress my (hypothetical) son up as a pretty pink fairy princess and call him by some girly name that he will grow-up to be a transwoman?
 Teachers/faculty of winning school – the option to wear school appropriate jeans or shorts and sneakers for the entire last week of school!!
Never been into poetry, though. Only heard about it at school(and found it very boring, indeed)
Sometime before the 20th century, the Tractators invaded Trion. As a consequence, the invasion etched itself into the racial memory of the Trions.
And, while we're at it, thanks for nothing, Microsoft. Nigerian scammers have had control of my email account for FOUR days. A simple look at the activity on the account (changed password, changed verification secondary email addresses, loads of email traffic outbound, contact exported, etc etc) would surely register as suspicious enough to at least lock the account temporarily. Thank god I've moved everything to Gmail.
I would have to say YES. NO SANDING, NO PRIMING, just get the brush and paint. I even painted my couch cabinet table thing-a-ma-jig in the house and it doesn't really have a smell.
I slowed down and handed her the keys. I started to run in place.
The Government are currently shafting us from behind regarding pay and pensions and now the judiciary are shafting us and consigning us to a job where you are being constantly abused with impunity all day. The risk is that one day the police will stop giving a damn too and watch the anarchy that then follows. Sign the petition here.
But when Home and Garden Television entered the scene I was in heaven. I could not wait to watch the next design show. My husband got tired of my constant reference to "what they do on HGTV" and all the hogging of the television to watch "just one more show"
"Resistence is futile" (I always knew he was a BORG (big obnoxious ridiculous goober))
Enough cheap shots. The main point of this blog entry is to talk about characterization in Shutter Island.
I wanted *revival* to break out in our church. The more I read about the “amazing” things that happened in Wales, the more I wanted that to happen to us.
Papa bought a thermometer and a barometer on one board today. The barometer says it is to be stormy tomorrow.
Standard pilsner glass.
The inns of God where no man paid, that were the wall of the weak.
“O” never really seriously dated anyone all those years. “K” was in a serious relationship. The two of them did not see eye-to-eye and really “K” did not fulfill any obligations as a father, despite his parents attempts.
Now people ask how do we fix this? The wealthy and those who have not fallen off of the employment wagon say there is no problem. Those that say that either have no heart or do not care about fellow humans or are undereducated. This how I would fix it. I would tax or charge corporations fees for sending jobs to other countries, instead of giving tax beaks for shipping jobs overseas like they are getting now. I would also make it a law that the C.E.O.’s can not own stock, that way they do not make decisions for their own gains. Instead of bonuses for the management I would implement a law that would only allow profit-sharing for all the workers, from the janitor to the president. Do not think this is wealth distribution, heck it’s the people under management who make the companies the goods to sell for profit.
Just Because…I love you; Just Because…I appreciate you; Just Because…I wanted to!
“Maxilan, darling. I knew you were driven, but I had no idea you could smoulder. Come, take me now! Jean won’t mind; he’ll avert his eyes like a gentleman.”
And last night, Beloved Husband read an excerpt of my novel and absolutely hated it.
Without the car seat, he doesn't nap at all and gets little purple circles under his eyes, the poor baby.
4. After three years, he still tries to play with the cat, who mostly just swats at his nose or occasionally finds the right opportunity to bite his silky little ear.
But was he guilty? I don’t know, and that’s the problem.
I sent her a final email asking her politely what part of the spectrum of Christianity her behaviour belonged in. I also said I wasn't angry, just disappointed with that behaviour. I said, too, that I wanted to continue to think well of her and was there any thing she could say that would help me to do that. That was back in May and I have not heard a word from her since.
Max Lucado wrote, “The phrase is a petition, not a proclamation. A request, not an announcement. Hallowed be your name. Do whatever it takes to be holy in my life. Take your rightful place on the throne. Exalt yourself …. You be Lord, and I’ll be quiet.”
When he gets near the top, there is a helicopter waiting for him but Jonah locks down the throttle, jumps from the bike and watches as the bike top the hill, becomes airborne and smashes into the chopper. Just then a rollercoaster car with two guards comes up behind Jonah and he dives over the side just as the car slams into the wrecked cycle and chopper. The whole shooting match explodes as Jonah climbs down the side of the coaster track.
Along with hundreds of child porn images on Kyle’s computers, investigators found information that led them to the St Louis area, where Kyle had visited Vanvlerah four times in five months since meeting online.
Hot chilly sauce -1 tbsp
Mary didn't try to replot my novel or redesign my characters, but she did point out when I was heading for trouble:
I have been following the lobby groups and online petitions and letters to anybody who cares in the lead up to the sale and was fascinated by the loyalty shown to the brand. And the angst in the weeks since the sale shows just how parochial some drinkers can be about ‘their brew’ and how immune to the realities of business they can be at the same time.
I guess I am just a sucker for my kiddos. Who knew, huh?
Long ago when I was a teenager, I occasionally accompanied a relative of mine on journeys to do with his business, taking the opportunity to discover bits of the country I’d not normally have known about in the process. One regular trip was to Loughborough, and the last leg was up the A6 from Leicester. We didn’t have much time for places like Mountsorrel, a small town on the A6 that I remember as being full of grime, noise, and fumes from the cars and lorries on the main road, which carved its way straight through the centre. ‘A decayed market town,’ Pevsner called it, and no wonder. And as for the church. Well, who would bother to pay attention to a building so pulled about, patched up with brick, apparently unloved, its walls of local granite graying over with dust? Added to which, it
i know that's not good for any of us, but i thought i couldn't find my way around it.
Although I don't join Theme Thursday every week, I hope that I make every post I do put up worth reading. I'm really happy that today happens to be a perfect follow-up to the last one I participated in, which was about Food . . .
But not all initiates make it into the Dauntless faction. Only the bravest. Only the strongest. Only the best. Readers follow Tris (Beatrice) on her new journey. We meet fellow initiates--those born Dauntless, and those transferring from other factions. We follow their training through three stages. They will be challenged physically, mentally, and emotionally. We become familiar with their two trainers--Eric and Four. We see the faction's strengths and weaknesses. As does Tris. On the one hand, Tris realizes she is fierce. She can be strong, determined, brave. She is learning to face her fears, learning to face life. But she's also realizing that compassion and love are part of courage. That selflessness has prepared her for her new life. On the other hand, she sees how heartless, how cruel some are. Yes, the Dauntless have their flaws.
The Koch Theater stacks high – two, three, four levels. During the technical rehearsal, the director coached her to sing to the people in the last row on the last tier. And she did just that! A wee little thing she is (maybe five feet tall, no more than 90 lbs), she stood center stage and shared her story of Kamlari, or indentured servitude, through this song.
Cling On is a light green metallic shade that is more on the grassy side. It looks slightly different depending on the light so I included a bunch of photos with different light settings. It's pretty sheer but I managed to get it opaque in 2 coats. I used all the China Glaze magnets on different fingers for a bit of variation. It applied like butter and dried very fast, which is always a plus with metallic polishes.
The worst months of my life.
Integrated Service Delivery Division, Business Development Branch
Onion - 1/4 cup chopped
I wish I could come up with list of all of the things that I did and accomplished, but I cannot.
Well, my drawing skills have grown since then, my love and respect of trees has deepened, and it seems that my fascination with creating trees in any art medium I can get my hands on is ceaseless! The exciting new foray has, you guessed it, resulted in Glass Trees!
Ok, so...I vote for Lithuania. Their song was called "We Are the Winners (of Eurovision)".
“Well, the hands.” He says.
I've maked out the rough shapes for each side of the path and under the Parasol pines. I'll get rid of the grass, rotavate the soil and get it to a fine tilth before sowing. I am excited - components of the flower mix include Shirley Poppy, California Poppy, Cornflower, Fairy Toadflax, Bishop's Flower, Tickseed and Corn Marigold, Black - eyed Susan, Red Orache and Larkspur.
Ministers from the upstream countries said that they are not threatened by reports saying that Egypt is planning legal action against the riparian states that signed the accord.
We’ll have faith because we’re clean — not just because of what Jesus did — but because we lived in Him, righteous, by His grace we overcame. We didn’t shrink back. We made sure that we stayed right with Him. We’re supposed to walk like Jesus walked. We can’t just do our own thing and think it’s okay because of some formula. “Without holiness, no man will see God.”
Information in hand, I marched back to my house to retrieve my friend (who hadn't been informed of the situation) chuck some handy supplies in a bag (torch, candles, water, mozzie repellant, first aid kit) and then retreated to higher ground. Soon everyone had gathered. As a very small place, more of a retreat than a resort, there were only about 20 guests and we hunkered down with the staff on a rustic bare-board platform perched on top of the jungle clad hill. This was where, the cooks told us, villagers spent days after the 2004 tsunami that had wiped out their homes, tying themselves to trees to prevent their families being washed away.
back to the story...
Room: 3
29. The House of Invisible Bondage - Argosy All-Story Weekly 4 parts
The texture of this product is lovely and is a gorgeous olive/gold shade. I can’t wait to try it out in a makeup look, something tells me it is going to be really beautiful on.
until she flew away.
1) How do you live in the space?
At Centennial Golf Club, par 36
So, my new resolve to run actually started before I penned this blog, near the end of November, but it wasn't until January that I started to take it seriously. Our training strategy was to be able to run 10 minutes straight with one-minute rest (walking) periods. Luckily, we are well-matched in terms of pace, so we were able to begin at four minute intervals, followed by five and then six. We are allowed to move on once we achieve a minimum of six repetitions of the interval. I thought that the five-minute intervals would be the death of our running careers, but, luckily we have made it through to six minutes. Aside from the occasional trumpeting coming out of my backside, my IBS has not been too bad. We have had times when I was required to do longer walking intervals in order to ward off bathroom sessions, but, no real emergency situations occurred until last week. During our last run I had to abandon ship after only two and a half sets of six minutes. I did not feel that our friendship was strong enough for me to soil myself in front of him. I was extremely frustrated and disappointed as we felt ready to tackle the six-minute interval hurdle, but, that was not to be. It was a miracle that I made it to the washroom in time.
A little bit about her: she loves spending time playing in the dirt with kids and eating delicious fresh veggies. Outside of work she spends her time riding her bike, sewing, reading about alternative economics, and trying to make new friends.
One of the best pieces of advice I've ever applied to all of my go-kits is simply a bar of soap, a wash cloth and a hand towel. A Steward (which is more applicable than 'flight attendent')I knew who worked aboard a billionaires private jet remarked that "hot soapy water, a nice soft towel and a clean face and new shirt can literally change your mental ability to work a 20+ hour day". He is very very right. I consider just as important as my night scope to be honest.
I had to find myself
Animal Collective--Sweet Road
- trying to learn how to live by myself. it isn't really that easy- in a time span of 3 weeks i've cooked once. i'm serious. and i've slept in almost every morning since i don't have my mom to drag me out of bed at 6.30 am. i know i know, pathetic..
“Any chance is better than nothing, love. You’ve got to go for it. We’ll just bring our Christmas to the hospital, that’s all.”
Me: A-Z
I do tutorials, I love tutorials, however, it is quite ok to use them as tools for learning and improving your skills. We all need a little teaching sometimes.
(Where's the "cure" you ask? If that's the main reason you haven't been making jerky, well, come on down! I hate sodium nitrite. Imagine my surprise when at my Master Food Preserver Class, Barbara Ingham, Wisconsin's Extension food scientist and our teacher, said I didn't have to use it! There was a catch. Without cure in it, you will store it in the refrigerator. If you are going on a camping trip, etc., it will keep for 2 weeks out of the refrigerator, but not indefinitely. This more than covers me for a day long shopping trip, or Rick for a day of pheasant hunting.)
You see, even without coding skills, I can pull back the curtain for you – give you some lists that will evoke those names that will “feel” right to you. In doing so I am deeply indebted to Wikipedia for its general awesomeness. Remember, when proper names are used, Star Trek ships generally have only utilized the persons last name (USS Yeager, USS Kelvin), though sometimes a full name is used (USS Thomas Paine). EVE ships of course, using the full name or not is up to you.
So how does Ian Hart’s Sacred Gin compare to my own?
The person would then be stabbed. After the murders, some of the victims were further disfigured by having their faces driven over by a car so that police could not compare their faces with photos in false identity documents that the alleged murderers had obtained beforehand.
Bar 99
There are so many varieties in pongal like milaku pongal, kalyana pongal, rava pongal, aval pongal etc. But, adding keerai varieties like palak, murungaikeerai, and mulaikkeerai to the pongal always enhance the taste tremendously. Especially drumstick leaves happen to give a delicious taste with tamarind and a little spices as side ingredients. Hope every one likes this.
Of those 3k plus unit 838 are vacant, many of these vacant buildings are uninhabitable with tall grass, litter surrounding the houses, boarded up windows, falling bricks, crumbling side walks and many other issues that are too many to name. In the O’fallon neighborhood the average home sells for about 44,600k, the household income is about 16,324$ and the average household size is roughly 3.6 people. Below are a few of the blighted properties that line the debris-filled avenues of the O’fallon neigborhood.
The Department of Social Development confirmed last week that the Special Investigating Unit had found 25,255 cases of social grant fraud by public officials since the inception of the South African Social Security Agency (SASSA) in 2005.
This is my Halloween pumpkin from two years ago. I only did this design because I couldn't figure out how to carve an iPhone.
Most heartbreaking was the footage of the scum who robbed an injured young man, after pretending to take care of him, I have never witnessed such a sickening display and if I had my way they wouldn't be left to breed, but that's why I'm not a police officer.
And I want to tell Ian Curtis
We were both in college at the same time, and she was always my inspiration. She did so much. She’s such a great example of laughter through the struggles.
Contacted by The Associated Press, Times sports editor Joe Sexton said the comments were, “completely inappropriate and she has been spoken to.”
Have a great day divas
OMD Enola gay UK
The Mullan chap served a deserved 10 game ban because he broke Mr. Zakuani’s leg. I’m pretty sure that when he comes back to the field of play after the suspension he’ll feel like Michael Jackson’s American in Paris because he has been out of the game for 2-3 months at least.
This company offers so many credits per year depending on how many you buy. Obviously the more you buy, the more vacations you can go on. They started out offering a $25,000 time share. After saying no a million times they finally went down in price to their "starter" package that was $8,700 for 7,500 credits. That equals about two weeks of vacation per year if you book 30 days or less from departure. After thinking about buying, I called Ryan's stepmom who owns a time share. Within two minutes of calling her, I was talked out of doing it. Ryan still wanted to do it and we were told we could cancel the contract within 5 business days (we were shown that in writting before signing anything). So we said yes because we wanted to find out more and look more into what it is really about. Our sales person was beyond excited and started telling us how much fun we were going to have, how to get the most of our vacations, what a good deal it is, blah blah blah.
Very welcome to this Uplifting Blog,
and left
Nicholas D. Kristof in his NYT article: “The furor over Greg’s work breaks my heart. And the greatest loss will be felt not by those of us whose hero is discredited, nor even by Greg himself, but by countless children in Afghanistan who now won’t get an education after all. But let’s not forget that even if all the allegations turn out to be true, Greg has still built more schools and transformed more children’s lives than you or I ever will.
The flip side of this success story is that “Homefield” is not just the first short story I ever published, it’s also the last. About a month before the acceptance letter came I had given up writing fiction as a waste of time. By the time the letter came, I’d had a month for discouragement and laziness to set in and that was that. I’m rather ashamed of throwing in the towel, but there it is.
Cheap Sentiments-Get ‘Em While They’re Hollow! at 1PointPerspective. Remember all those sugary sweet posters from classrooms and dorms when you were a kid? 1PP’s take on them will make you hurt yourself laughing so hard.
I added a piece of embossed card to the base, embossed with the Tim Holtz Spring Alterations folder and swiped with yellow ink. I added a border made from more of the pink stamped paper and the Martha Stewart floral double edge punch. The card itself was made from green parchment card.
At one point, the patient's heart converted to an arhythmic condition which impacted his blood pressure. We gave an arythmia medication to try to break him out, but it didn't work. We moved on to synchronized cardioversion where we attempt to shock the heart back into a regular rhythm, but that too failed. Still, we kept the blood pressure up, the pulses intact, and the oxygenation status good. In the morning, the attending physician - a notoriously critical doc - actually told me and my partner nurse, "Good job." Could have knocked us over with a feather.
Note to self: go back through manuscript and make sure bodies are dead. Really stiff. Pokeable. Maybe oozing.
Anyway, a friend gave him a Leinie sampler 12-pack, and he wanted to share the wealth. I thanked him, and left the four beers in the garage to chill. Last night I pulled out the Fireside Nut Brown and popped it. Whoa! Now I know what the "Natural flavor added" bit on the label means: they put hazelnut essence in here. That's going to make it hard for me to like this one, I just don't like hazelnuts, except for out of hand eating and in pastries. Not in coffee, not in beer. Not this one, not Rogue, not whatever. I liked the pecans in the Shiner Holiday Cheer, but hazelnut...yeesh.
However, if you order NOW
"Perhaps also for a dyslexic musician who plays extremely well it is very burdensome to then have to go back and look at the music: it creates anxiety. The quality of your performance is not affected by your ability to sight-read. The only thing it affects is the kind of work you can do - because session musicians need it."
In a tall glass, crack 1 egg and pour in as much milk as you like. Whisk in some sugar, salt, and vanilla extract. Now, begin adding flour 2 tbsp at a time until you get the desired consistency: it should be pour-able but not too runny. Make sure not to over mix.
Your portrait can be of a friend, family member, or yourself and we will have different drawing materials for you to choose from. We encourage you beforehand to see works from the exhibition–look at the different points of view artists use, the way their subjects are posed, their facial expressions, etc. What feeling do you get from these portraits? If you are looking at a black and white portrait, how would it feel differently if it had been done in color, and vice versa?
Unlike much of the rest of my life, class offers me a safe place to “fail” — to try something new, to do it poorly, to take gentle and helpful instruction, to go away and think hard about why I couldn’t even see clearly that which was before my eyes for so long. My fellow students are planning to show their work soon, but I’m in no rush to join them. I don’t need or want that validation — or that pressure to do it right or well or good enough.
Okay, so, today post is exactly what the titles says.
At least nine people were arrested for blocking roads in Tel Aviv.
I dont have any good pics from the concert they are on cell phones....I am probably going to end up posting what we do have on facebook though or stealing Gina's pics LOL Other than that the concert was definitely an experiencing with the rain, the crowd surfing, the flashing, the herbal remedies, the trash, and did I mention chili? I ended up with a lovely sunburn due to forgetting my sunscreen at home but Gina chased down an older couple and they hooked me up with some ancient sunscreen which I hope minimized some of the further damage. overall an interesting time and to you parents with teenagers at the concert kudos to you for taking your kids to something you probably hated - I can only hope I am that cool in a few years, although I fear my eldest will be one of the first to hop in for the crowd surfing!
3. Create a NEW blog posting with your creation for this C.S.D. challenge on your blog and tell your followers and readers about this challenge, the Blog Candy and our May sponsor. Be sure to have a link leading back here.
A child can carry, it do it no harm
Happy weekend friends! Today I'm driving down to Miami to see my mom, my brother and my grandma that are visiting from Colombia. I can't wait to be there! But before I leave, I'll like to share a card I made for my mom. She is crazy about shopping!
Marlene: What kind of research did you have to do for this story?
Yet a rich soil is full of goodness. Just see how a little seed grows!
Jeff Shelton's at it again. Perennial site favorite The Well Wishers are due for another new album. It's called Dreaming of the West Coast (where else?), and should be out by year's end.
Anyways, this is just super rambling and not exciting (almost as not exciting as reading about me working all the time). So...
The cover and info on this fortnight's edition of Doctor Who Monster Invasion magazine:
The place I want to be more than anything is my home. Even Ju Ju tells me we should move back to Hawaii because she loves food there (LOL) and I can be close to my mom and sisiter. She tells me it's okay to say goodbye to her friends because she knows that's where we are be the happiest... But right now, I take the second best place - Florida.... I'm just not ready to lose what I have come to love. Again. Family is important. No doubt about it. But I'm just not ready to feel the sadness of saying goodbye to all the people I call my friends and famly now. I did that six years ago and I'm too scared to do it again... Am I being selfish? I don't know..
* Might it be that what really ruffled feathers here was a very pertinent dig at a very silly idea? ‘Fab City’?! That wouldn’t come from the same bright spark who thought ‘Cool Britannia’ was a winner, by any chance?
Think “Pet rocks”, “Mood rings”, and the “Veg-O-matic”.
Are we experimented awkward silences? What about when there is nothing else to say in the middle of a conversation or we think we already finish it, or by mutual agreement we need to move on. Perhaps, the most interesting silences are the ones linked with social interaction, where human beings assume a social comprehension of others and their surroundings by senses such as the speech or the body language. Audience : Hearing is a sound installation that invites spectators to bring their own silences to the exhibition space. What follows is a variety of silences collected (a hundred of them) mixed-up with new participants during the event. It keeps proximity with 4’33” of John Cage, in spite of that, the angle offered is closer to real life situations than to a theatrical sound art piece.
It's past midnight, friends, and it feels like a perfectly ghoulish time for some good old-fashioned ghost stories. We have monsters, creeps, and spirits on the brain today due to earlier posts, so we might as well carry on with another voyage... to the Other Side.
It is strange to listen to people from the Left in Norway, many of whom are diehard anti-Semites, i.e. people who despise people for no other reason than their ethnicity, criticise individuals, in this case anti-Islamists, who speak out against a religion that rejects the notion of civil liberties, encourages the killing of Jews and Christians, and mandates the introduction of global fascism.
Jonah's Injuries - none
The post I wrote in 2010...
Several Sundays ago, (on Palm Sunday to be exact), I decided to take a few pictures of the “new me.” Well maybe not the new me, but the lessened me. I realized I hadn’t taken any full body pictures of myself for awhile, so that Sunday, I decided to set up the camera and take a few.
I have allowed myself too much traipsing about in the wastelands of social commentary. I have allowed myself to be entangled far too deeply in the small-mindedness of consumer culture and politics. Politics in particular. Election years in specific tend to be time-sumps, and with the "facilitator of dreams" that is electronic media, the sump is in danger of becoming all-consuming.
After the course is finished, I am hoping that I will be able to work at the dive shop. I’m hoping that my existing connection with the shop owner and the staff will be enough to land me some work. I haven’t recieved any promised though and my guess is that I’ll only be making around $10 an hour. So I’m on the hunt for a sitter that will work for less than that, and that won’t be easy to find. The big thing I plan to use as leverage is that there are no diapers to change since my kids are a bit older.
Okay, you ready for this? At 3:00 this afternoon I told my boss a story. I had to leave early to go take care of my nephew. Oh, not because of anything to do with him. Except in my story. See, he had a doctor appointment today for shots and regular baby-type stuff (passed with flying colors, I might add). BUT, with my twisted little brain, I changed that up into my SISTER having a doctor appointment MUCH later in the afternoon and ME having to go keep an eye on HIM until she got back. Got out 45 minutes early, I did. Yeah, looks like I may never learn. But hell, what was I supposed to tell my boss? Is it really a better idea to go in there and say to her I-can't-take-it-another-minute I-have-to-get-out-of-here before-somebody-gets-hurt?
time's slipping fast
* You want unseen things to touch you.
CIOs needs to focus on the most important issues that are relevant to the business and to shy away from the issues/projects that do not add value to the business but may just be a ‘nice have’ or appear to add value. Learn to say, ‘No’.
*Items purchased are NOT refundable!unless it is our fault
Add brown sugar till you acquire your desired sweetness.
· Garden Chats with talks by plant and experts – see schedule below. A PDF is also attached. Free with admission (Adults $8, Seniors & Students $6, Children 5-12 $3, Under 5 free)
In the city’s melted furnace, unexpectedly we watched
ps Think you'll find it a book blog well worth following . . .
2. Gina Carano in “Haywire” – Many movie reviewers have been upset by the heavy beatdown Carano’s character takes in the new Soderbergh film, “Haywire”. When she first gets hit hard, it is a little jarring, but afterward (spoiler alert) she puts a bad hurting on Channing Tatum (he had it coming!) and it’s girl-power all the way! I was amazed at Carano’s physical skills during this film, reminding me of a much prettier, young Jackie Chan and like Lara Croft without the gadgets and fantasy. I would like to see more of this female spy character.
Understanding Portable PA Systems And The Features You Need
I am a Republican today because it is the best choice among two evils. However, I resolve to be a friend of the truth before I am a friend to the Republicans.
it was obvious
I like it better because it means your cabbages are not overly pesticide.
Still, some of my quibbles can reasonably be seen as those of a fan who would never be completely happy with any adaptation. My main point is, if your on the fence because of the negative press, you shouldn't be.
Kelly rolled Vickie over when Jack Swagger came out and confronted with Dolph Ziggler.
After having a breast reduction in February of 2000, I quit smoking again. I was doing some working out and eating better at first. I think I got down again to about 145 pounds, if I recall correctly. The man that is now my husband and I started dating that summer. My confidence and energy levels were through the roof and I felt wonderful.
Q. Neiform
I think part of the reason I love taking photos of people is that some of them absolutely fascinate me. So many worlds to be exposed to.
This week has been pretty chilled out, we have actually started house hunting.
Real stories about children that were not in control of their lives.
Why is this of note? Because James Rondeau is the Frances and Thomas Dittmer Curator of Contemporary Art at the Art Institute of Chicago.
(Obviously she doesn't know me very well!)
On many occasions you have publicly stated that the diversity of New York City is our greatest strength, yet your words ring hollow, as we examine the lack of diversity within your administration. Furthermore, there is a complete omission of African American men in charge of any high level agency. You have four high level vacancies that deal predominantly with people of color. You now have an obligation to ensure that those positions be filled by individuals who represent the people those agencies serve.
YoTrip
This guy must have lost his mind. Why in the world would he post something like this??
You stand still and turn to me with a smile
Option 2: Stay put and pick the best player available.
3/4 small red onion, chopped
Chopped Onions - 1 cup
Pristavni 2
Card is 5 1/2 by 4 1/4
But, like i said, I wouldn't buy new. I like the old. It suits me.
Another thing I love about this recipe is that the cream is not cream, but creme fraiche. Makes me feel so virtuous. I took this recipe from BBC good food and edited the proportions somewhat.
Chapter 19
A ten month experiment in naturalism - specifically in exploring my genetic hair growth patterns unimpeded by social convention or personal intervention - ended today...
If you like what you see, I'd love for you to come again. You can subscribe by clicking my RSS feed button at the top of the sidebar, by subscribing to my email feed, or by following me on Google (both of these options are found on my sidebar as well). The Shabby Nest is also on Facebook if you'd "like" to join me there! And I'd love to have you follow my tweets on Twitter and my pins on Pinterest.
'Lacks imagination'.
My head is still spinning. Now if we can just eliminate Stefano . . .
Mandy Brent, the president of SPELD, a not-for-profit organisation providing support for dyslexia and other learning difficulties, attributes Mr Dimattina's success in building his own business to his tenacity and strong support and encouragement from his family. "That was a wonderful outcome," she says.
You can't see it in this long shot, but the candelabrum on the round table is the one that is held by a human hand. There is
12. Remove all cellphones, facebook pages etc. Be firm, don’t give into emotional blackmail. They might say they hate you, underneath they’ll appreciate the break. But have their friends around more often. Have homework dates for older children. Play board games rather than computer games. Put the time in, but be childish – pull pranks, trick them, have them on. For older children, including teens, pull out their old lego and dolls and see what happens.
Everything is gestation and bringing forth. To let each impression and each germ of a feeling come to completion wholly in itself, in the dark, in the inexpressible, the unconscious, beyond the reach of one’s own intelligence, and await with deep humility and patience the birth-hour of a new clarity: that alone is living in the artist’s life. –Rainer Maria Rilke
Things changed, as we all know, and while Yuengling is still only in fourteen states, they announced today that thanks largely to the huge surge in sales from their Ohio launch last year, they are now the largest American-owned brewery. Think on that, ye mighty, and despair.
with broken wings.
Maybe once enough of these lying bastards are exposed, they’ll finally begin to publicly support the rights of women they patronize in private.
"Why did Wash have to die?" ("Because Joss said" is not an acceptable answer.)
Polychronic cultures, on the other hand, like to multi-task and are generally less stringent when it comes to establishing or following an agenda. In this setting, the concept of time is more fluid, and the pace of life is more relaxed.
The irony was hardly lost on me. That happened to be my father’s specialty and almost exclusive area of practice. Years back, eye doctors in Charlotte sent their patients fifty miles north to the little town of Shelby to see the country eye doctor who just happened to have studied at Johns Hopkins and had a national reputation.
Suggestions of what can be in the catechist training:
Balla was best known as leader of the wonderful Guinean orhestra from the Syliphone era Balla et ses Balladins. Born in Macenta, he started his career as a musician in Kankan and subsequently was sent to the Dakar conservatoire (musical college) on a scholarship. In 1959 he joined the Syli Orchestre National, where his talent, not just as a trumpet player, but also a leader, caught the eye of the authorities of the young republic. When the Syli orchestre was split up, he was put in charge of one of the sections. This section played at the Jardin de Guinée, a bar dancing, which I am told exists until this day.
Quite simply, Idaho is refusing to treat wolves as wildlife — pursuing a path of targeting wolves as vermin, using troubling tactics:
All Glee is these days is a glorified radio station. They just sing songs on the show because they are what's hip in music today. Not all the songs, no...but most. In season one, the songs had deep meaning to the characters singing them. They were usually always relevant to the story. Now it's just a cheap gimmick to promote popular songs and virtually have no relevance to the overall story of the episode. I don't care about any of the characters anymore. Even Sue Sylvester is incredibly dull now. She used to be the funniest character on TV...now we are lucky if she has one funny line an episode...or if she's even an episode at all. Her shtick just seems so forced now and tiresome. I feel bad for Jane Lynch, because she's great at what she does, but the writing has become dismal.
Betsy asked if Michael had a message for me. “She worries too much,” I heard myself say, in an offhand, curt tone. “Relax. I’ll take care of it.”
JOHANNESBURG - Stupid people shouldn't breed, especially when they're sanctimoniously obsessed about always being correct, knowledgeable and even erudite.
Paano kung mag positive ako sa Malaria????
Why is it that when you start trying for a baby sex becomes different? I noticed this the first night of sex when we started trying. It felt like a mission. It wasn’t just sex, it was sex with the possibility of feeling failure afterwards. It almost feels like that once you start trying for a baby all the passion and lustful sex thoughts are taken out of the equation and the only thing you can think about is, is this gonna make a baby. And maybe these feelings are just me. But I also think there is a way to fix this. I think I really just need to get out of my head, stop worrying, and just enjoy my husband.
And the final season of ER goes out as it came in 15 seasons before — with an electrifying mix of complex characters, rich storylines, brisk pacing and kinetic style. Favorite characters from the past (some you expect, some may surprise you) return in this 22-episode valedictory season of the series that shattered the mold for medical dramas. You’ve come to the right place. Check in one last, momentous time at County General.
Amen (which means: let it be)
One of my goals in 2009 is to try at least 1 new recipe a week. I have so many wonderful, healthy, low fat/low-cal cookbooks, and I’m looking forward to trying out a bunch of new meals.
City of Lost Souls (The Mortal Instruments #5)
"K" for kraft....Yes! We want to see kraft paper on your lovely creations for this challenge!
A big hello to all my friends in Blogland! It's Marie here and I am excited to share with you a Design Team card i created for ICopic Lover. I selected an adorable stamp called Mermaid Marci by La-La Land Crafts. The size of this stan makes it perfect for cards or projects and the size is large enough that it makes it fun and easy to color with those Copic Markers!
I had been working with a little stallion for over 12 months.
In a huff, I headed out the door to try to remove my battery - when my daughter called. From the cell store. Where they wouldn't even talk to her without me present.
ProBatter further have a number of patents for the machine, with the main one seeming to be held under number US2001006064 (A1) entitled Pitching system with video display means. A copy of the patent is available here.
On Saturday at 15.30, from the Cathedral towards the Friedhof am Perlacher Forst, the clergy led a large procession to the graves of Alexander’s friends, the brother and sister Hans and Sophie Scholl, and Christoph Probst, executed in February 1943. They honoured the memory of prayer and a moment of silence. Then, the participants in this out-of-the-ordinary and rare phenomenon, the making of a saint from a mere mortal man, trudged through the snow-covered cemetery to the grave of Alexander Schmorell. Despite the bitter cold, the priests served a litiya, and, then, the marchers returned to the cathedral for the last Pannikhida for Alexander before his glorification. After the Vigil service, the clergy brought out the icon of the new saint and they sang the service to the new saint before it.
These windows overlook my realm: Garden, pool, Woodland House.
1 tablespoon brown sugar
I ordered this for myself, Vietnamese Rice Vermicelli with a pot of sour spicy soup over a hot mini stove, with fresh prawns, celery, tomatoes and bean sprouts. Nothing special about this main dish, quite ordinary, I still prefer the appetizers!
“Ummm... What just happened?” I ask, with marked confusion.
Consciousness, Presence, All That Is, is not static; it is the infinite field of pure potentiality, the possibility of everything; spilling over, pouring itself out in pure Being, the beingness of everything in pure Love, the Love which everything is.
‘Labourian Line’!
Let me feel you moving like they do in Babylon
To paraphrase Tony Stark (because I can’t find the quote on Google), Tom Hiddleston is everything America expects an English villain to be. He a camp, over-the-top diva who is utterly evil and wants nothing more than the downfall of the United States (and, as a result, the world). Surprisingly, this is not a criticism. Loki camps it up as an immortal, power-hungry monster as only an ancient god can. As a man with huge power, a thirst for revenge and (as he sees it) a divine and immutable right to rule the world, there is no other way to play it than scene-chewingly angry. He faces every challenge with a curved lip or victorious smile. I loved every second he was on-screen. Even more so once defeat becomes inevitable.
and that maybe something I did or something I said,
We are officially at the point in the deployment that I miss my husband. Not that I haven’t missed him the whole time he’s been gone. But this is different. It is total, complete missing him, there is nothing I can do that I don’t miss him.
I'm ridiculously pleased with this card - I just love the rich purples and I'm delighted with the bow! Aaaah, small things. But it works so well together and, strangely, I hadn't really anything in mind when I set out to colour this one. It just sometimes works that way, doesn't it - a happy accident, almost.
4) Add about 1/4 cup of shredded cheese and lightly mix together all ingredients.
Start by answering the following question:
Even as the Treyvon Martin case saturates the airwaves, why is Corporate American Media concurrently failing to report what Russia Today has, that 2 American aircraft carrier task forces and 2 Marine amphibious assault groups have been deployed in the Persian Gulf region for reasons obvious? And that a third American aircraft carrier task force is due to join them in another month? And that thousands of American troops are being deployed to Israel? Why does the average American of any skin color not know of the utilization of the terrorist Mujahedeen-e-Khalq (MEK/PMOI) by the Israeli Mossad and the Neo-Conservative wing of the American intelligence community for criminal actions in Iran, including the assassination of 5 Iranian nuclear scientists and what the Washington Post terms an “unexplained” 5-fold increase in explosions and bomb blasts in that country in the last two years, especially in Iranian Azerbaijan, Khuzestan province, and Balochistan province? And why has the cogent analysis of Pepe Escobar on the American Imperial Wars in Central Asia escaped coverage by Wolf Blitzer and Dana Bash of CNN, and Sean Hannity of Fox?
pinch of saffron
In the Carribean and South America, successive waves of second sons of the Spanish and Portuguese dons (and other exiles) created vast sugar plantations, a slave-based extractive economy that would allow them to return home wealthy. Many never intended to stay.
b) irrational
The couple from All About Afternoon Tea are lovely Brits who have lived here for almost a year and they are extreme foodies. They take their white chocolate mousse cake very seriously. Becca also takes very seriously the fact that her mother in law was visiting, and the shoot was on the last day of the visit. It is rather a wonder that they were able to work with her perched five feet away in a lawn chair, fussing. I'm pretty sure all the table planning that Becca and I did in advance was directly related to the amount of time she had to escape the house for the previous two weeks. Of course, I thought it was so wonderful that she was so keen :)
I've managed to reproduce an image of three quarters of the trade label using digital reconstruction, and this is enough to show that it was for A. & G. Taylor's branch studio at 63 London Road, Derby, operated by managing partner William Middleton, who also controlled branches in Sheffield, Nottingham, Goole, Doncaster and Barnsley. Although not definitive proof that the opalotype was made there, in conjunction with the negative number of presumed Derby origin ("Derb 22468"), one could certainly make a strong case for it.
Today's mail is SUPER exciting because not only did I get a card back that I thought was long gone, but he's a Royals prospect that is in camp with the big league team as we speak! I sent this around opening day last year, and received it back today (postmarked AZ)! Good luck in ST Derrick!!!
ALL TYPES OF “INFINITY” DEVICES
I wish I lived by the sea. Maybe that’s because it was where God began fashioning our world.
But please don’t interfere with how I go about it!
This typical school-book pick never goes out of style. Though it was written in 1847, the language is easy to follow and the story is full of action and drama, much easier to read for a young person than some more slow-moving classics of the time. With free copies of the book online and often pre-downloaded on eReaders, there’s no excuse to not read this classic.
Grandparents should also have rights of access after separation, but where possible to have access to coincide with the Parents Contact, but above all to be there to show support, stability and continuity to very young children.
My spellchecker is ok with the phrase “teh gheyz”, but balks at “spellchecker”. Truly, we live in interesting times. And I’m wrapping this up, because I like interacting with people and I’ll already be lucky if anyone reads this far.
“Just Left @GoDaddy due to their promoting #SOPA and their new CEO’s half-hearted reversal. We don’t live in China or Iran yet … #ByeDaddy,” @DaveScott9
Death is no more the king of dread
2. You must be in fear of immediate death or serious bodily harm.
In a desperate attempt to get out of debt, I go back into the private sector, pursue some interesting investments in a high-tech firm, and... well, long story short -- I've integrated my consciousness into a massive, superintelligent computer system that crushes humanity and rules the world.
1-2 cups crushed cornflake crumbs
I think they turned out pretty well, don't you? The entire project took me less than an hour for all three. Best of all, they really matched nicely with the pajama pants. The men liked the sayings I surprised them with and they liked the colors of the shirts...win/win all around.
-write a book
Routinely, hospitals encourage families to have the hospital nursery staff bathe their baby within 2-4 hours after birth to 'decontaminate baby' from the messiness of birth.
That’s where my hero comes into the picture. It was 10:50 pm last night when I desperately emailed my always very helpful blogging friend, Gary, to see if he could help me with my blogging emergency. Within seconds he replied, telling me to call him. I felt really bad calling him so late at night, but he didn’t mind at all. He talked me through resizing my images to a more appropriate size for the internet and also how to delete the large images from my old posts and reinsert smaller versions. This way I can gain back my free space.
Happy C.
That’s quite a legacy when you come to think about it.
MARLEY made its world premiere at the Berlin Film festival in February and had it’s North American premiere at SXSW.
Certainty or Comfort
In 21 days (not that I’m counting . . .), the wait for The Hunger Games movie will be over! And I, like many others, will be standing in a long line to see it! And, also like many others, my excitement will be tempered by a nagging voice in the back of my head that will be worriedly asking:
I tried using them to hang scarves....but that didn't work.....
washed and bound like crooked teeth on these rocky shores
One of the last adorable Gussie traits to gush about is his very expressive eye brows and ears. Visualize Gromit of Wallace and Gromit. The ears I swear are on ball bearings. They can swivel so quickly and move in such odd positions, it’s uncanine at times. The eye brows can rise and arch so high, the eyes almost look like they have migrated to the top of his head. I liken his eyes to the Puss-in-Boots character in the Shrek movies. You know, when the Puss plays on the awe-what a cute-puddy-tat appeal to get his way. When it’s time for Gus to go to his own bed because it’s night time, he just about breaks my heart. His ears droop practically to his knees (and they are short ears), the brows migrate to the top of his head and the eyes become huge limpid pools of sorrow. He’ll then ooze of the bed with a kathump onto the floor and walk slowly out of our bedroom, glancing a few times at us as he walks out, head hanging resignedly down almost scraping the floor. If my dog could speak human, he’d say, “it’s alright, I don’t mind, I can move, if I have to, I guess.” Who woulda thought, my dog is related to Red Green of the Red Greed Show (eh?)
I would HIGHLY recommend stamping your letters on a concrete surface with your towel underneath.
#4: The Wyler Tramway
" ...and i'm trying to please to the calling of your heart-strings that play soft and low... "
The crust is a straight forward recipe and easy to make. It is so much easier if you use your bread maker. Make your own healthy pizza using fresh produce from your garden or market minimizing the oil and cheese used. Go ahead and create your own healthy pizza customized to your taste.
In another incident, two men facing attempted rape and assault charges escaped from the Tamara holding cells in East London on Friday after they overpowered two police guards.
Since it was Friday, I'd planned to roast a chicken (that way, we can enjoy sandwiches and salad all weekend). Most cooks have a basic recipe for chicken. It's the little black dress of poultry: classic, versatile, and works for all menus and occasions. Roasted chicken can be dressed up or down--the accessories are endless, down-home vegetables or exotic ingredients.
commitment to
Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., who represents a large portion of the Central Valley, is right to call for a congressional investigation “into the actions of Secretary Salazar and others at Interior in relation to California water policy. The recent U.S. District Court ruling, citing illegal actions and abuse of power on the part of Interior, must be addressed.”
I wasn't serious about taking a weapon. I was just stalling, trying to postpone the inevitable. It was about this time that Natalie, my 12-year-old daughter, rounded the corner. I explained our plight. I told her that I'd rather freeze than have to step over dead animals and traipse through the basement.
The seaweed is always greener
Bad Kids – Black Lips
1. Give up your need to always be right. There are so many of us who can’t stand the idea of being wrong – wanting to always be right – even at the risk of ending great relationships or causing a great deal of stress and pain, for us and for others. It’s just not worth it. Whenever you feel the ‘urgent’ need to jump into a fight over who is right and who is wrong, ask yourself this question: “Would I rather be right, or would I rather be kind?” Wayne Dyer. What difference will that make? Is your ego really that big?
Have you seen That kids are attracted towards colours!!I am sure even we are and what better way than "COLOURS" to entice the lovely little kiddos to eat healthy food. Have you tried using natural healthy vegetables, fruits to make something colourful for your kids and see them grab it???I have !!!
Then....I got sick again last week. (Gonna start swearing...sorry its where i am at emotionally right now)
I started to morph from the sporty tomboy of freshman year (to this day people know me as the chick with the baseball caps) to a young woman who wasn’t as extreme as the pseudo model co-eds, but was developing what I thought in my mind, a more mature look. To truly achieve this, to truly become my more feminine and mature self, it was clear, my all-purpose athletic shoes had to be the first to go.
Just because the paper is flat, doesn't mean your layout has to be.
At the diner, Caroline thinks she may have gotten herpes from the lip gloss. Sophie comes by and Max tells Caroline she invited her for a free meal so they could work things out. Sophie compliments the girls’ outfits, tells them the food is horrible, and says she’ll take them to a nicer place tomorrow. She also mentions that all the girls in her apartment worked for her. At the restaurant, Sophie notes that the waiters there make $300-350 a night and Caroline tells her they only make $60-80. Sophie asks them how they expect to accomplish their cupcake business with so little money. She then takes out a model of the house she’s having built in Poland. She says she keeps it around to remember where she’s going.
At first you know, I didn’t even see him; Hey, I was out there on the run.
R 2: Ch 3, 2 dc in joining space, ch 2, 3 dc in next dc. * Ch 3, skip 1 dc, 3 dc in next dc, ch 2, 3 dc in next dc. Repeat from * around. End ch 2, sc in top of first ch 3.
The date of publication of the report kept being moved back. Not a good sign. Especially for the shareholders:
For Penny, the beginning of thunderstorm season has not been an enjoyable time. Her refuge always seems to be under or around our legs, which many times results in her tripping us as we move from one room to the other.
Ignore the ignorant fools who are still in denial, because the time you're wasting arguing with them is time you could have spent on proactive planning for the reality that we are faced with.
Are you telling me the news, that once employed journalists, may have over dramatized the situation before they had all the facts?
I Spent many years backpacking around the world with very small amount of money in my pocket, sleeping in boats, trains and youth hostels. I’ve seen much surely Not yet all. I Spent those years writing letters and sharing experience with my friends that nurture a true and passionate love for anthropology.
Lur?s have becom? hot! They not only have hooks to catch o?r f?sh, b?t they have the hook? to dr?g us down e?ch aisle. We are al? in sear?h of f?nding th?t one special, you a?l know wh?t I mean… this is the on?, I can f?el it, I know its going to catch fish, L?re!
1/4 cup finely chopped red onion
General Things About Mantle Cell Lymphoma
Chrysler ended up being ordered to pay Kearns $18.7 million plus interest. The Supreme Court rejected Chrysler's bid to overturn the award in 1995.
Hi, my name is Abbie, I am 3 years old and I am staying at my grandma and grandpa's this weekend. My Mommy got my Daddy tickets to the OU vs Tulsa game in NORMAN, OK in the 24th row and two nights in a hotel.. Mommy said Daddy's head exploded because he was so excited. They said I couldn't go to Boomer Sooner.. maybe some day I will be old enough..
He does answer though. Just sometimes the answers are a surprise and not always in "wow! How super fun is that?" way.
I spent the rest of our time hoping to find her on the slopes or in the ski lift line. My head ached a bit, my left thigh throbbed, and my hand and shoulders were starting to feel tender. But I wanted to smile at her one more time.
It bears repeating: Eat More Fish!
Flirting With Disaster (Dean Silvers, producer)
Caller: I’m his second wife. We’ve been married three and a half years.
I also wanted to get away from the idea of high-tech heists executed by brilliant thieves, the kind you often see depicted in movies and books. Let’s face it, if someone was *that* brilliant, they’d be doing something else with their lives.
So, to mark out your foam, lay the pegboard down perfectly on top of foam and use your registration marks and a sharpie.
The receptionist called her to see the counselor in the examination room. She was a stout dark skinned woman with a kind face who sported an impressive mane of African tresses that contrasted with her white nurse’s uniform. “Hi, I’m Tammy. I’ll be going over the procedure with you and address any concerns you might have about it.” She sat at the table in the middle of the room. “Now before we begin, we just want to check that you’re sure of your decision.”
I hear sounds of the night
Combine this with a collapse of our electricity supply network and massive problems relating to our water supply, followed by a total collapse of our currency (the SA Rand) and you have a recipe for anarchy, genocide, famine, and human self-preservation instincts.
1 1/2 cups of unbleached white flour
First beer of the night is Wentworth brewerys Bumble beer. The brewery describes this beer as 'a golden honeyed ale using 4 different local honeys to make a distinctive and ever changing ale with rounded flavours. What this means i have no idea but im a big fan of honey ales so looking forward to opening. Right well no head to start with no matter how the pour is done, the smells however are great (if you like honey) you can really notice the honey on the nose that some people may say is a little too heavy but personally this is the first I've found that gives a nice big punch, aside from this theres a small hint of hops on the side that is noticeable but not till the end. A fairly sweet beer, i'd say this would be a beer for someone starting on ale as it's sweet and theres very little to hate about it but unfortunately at this point for me theres little to really find in terms of depth of flavour at this point. Over all simple, sweet and very pale. Not amazing but worth a try and could be interesting to compare at different times if the year for the different subtle honey tastes.
Community is about an eccentric Spanish study group at the small (and fictional) Greendale Community College in Colorado. Jeff Winger (The Soup‘s Joel McHale) is a former attorney who has been disbarred for faking his schooling and so he’s attending community college in order to get his life back. He finds himself immediately attracted to the feminist Britta (Choke‘s Gillian Jacobs) in his Spanish class (taught by The Hangover‘s Ken Jeong). Jeff founds a Spanish study group to at first get closer to Britta, but he eventually strikes up an unexpected friendship as the leader of a group of ragtag misfits all trying to survive the surreal landscape that is Greendale. With a group consisting of the Asperger’s suffering pop-culture fanatic Abed (Danny Pudi), the former jock and sensitive idiot Troy (Donald Glover), the racist, homophobic, and obnoxious Pierce (Chevy Chase), the virginal and shy ex-Ritalin addict Annie (Mad Men‘s Alison Brie), and the single black mother Shirley (Yvette Nicole Brown), there’s bound to be conflict and personal crisis, but when they learn to stick together and care for each other, this study group becomes its own little family.
I'm one of a kind and I'm just me.
We have an internal thermometer that when we go above our level of comfort we can’t take the heat so we find a way back down to our preset comfort level. It works the other way too, if we fall below that comfort level we find a way to get back up to it. When we achieve a greater level of success than we are used to we find it hard to handle, however if we fall below our standard then we find a way to get back to our comfort zone.
When I traveled on the art show circuit, many of my customers would stand for long periods of time reading the stories I had attached to each sculpture. Some of the stories brought tears to their eyes; others, smiles of knowing to their faces. At the prompting of those customers – "We can't afford to buy all your sculpture to get the stories" – I decided to self-publish She Who Whispers. But I needed the expertise to pull it all together. A book called "How to Publish Your Own Book," by Dan Poyntner, showed me the way. I highly recommend it. This book removed any reservations I had about self-publishing: I was so excited. That was in 1990 and She Who Whispers is still selling extremely well.
Oh, that? It’s nothing. Not contagious. –Augusten Burroughs
Do I continue on with my days as normal?
With manga, I will forgive a lot of the art missteps and rough-around-the-edgesness that a lot of newer artists or lesser known groups make. After all, I’m more of a lyrics girl. Breathtaking art and pretty, pretty boys are nice, but I’m really here for the story. It’s a lot harder with anime, because while you’re listening to the words, your main focus is the art. And if the art is clunky or backgrounds treated as an afterthought, it becomes harder and harder not to turn into that nitpicky chick in the back that everyone throws their Calpis bottles at during DVD number 195 of Ranma 1/2.
Gonna strike all the big red words from my little black book
Are you having as hard a time as I am? Does it wreak havoc with your system, or do you love the change?
Just Ask is a place where you can ask or view questions and read answers on a variety of topics from bullying to science fair, to learning and special needs, and many more things in between.
She has shown me a wonderful example of how to be a good mom, always putting us first, encouraging us, and doing very little for herself. She’s also a fun grandmommy—just ask my kids!
And could her nationality give her an exotic edge in the dating game over Britain’s home-grown lovelies?
I’m really curious, does anyone else out there have a problem controlling their weight while travelling? Because I do, and I just don’t understand! I need someone to explain this to me.
If they don’t have one on the shelf, they can order one for you and have it in the store within 24 hours.
Look for Athens brand phyllo twin packs (two 8-ounce packs in one box). The phyllo sheets are the perfect size for this dish. The components can be made a day ahead and refrigerated. Wait to assemble the baklava until you're ready to bake it.
‘‘Take the Conservative Party in the 1960s and 1970s. It, too, was associated with vaguely fascist or extreme right-wing groups, such as the Monday Club and the National Front.
Mac OS X built-in mail program could lead to an angry friend or an unhappy mac. Here are some tips to keep your mail virus free.
The leader of the Chinese Revolution launched his ‘Great Leap Forward’ campaign in 1958.
people with serious debt problems. Here's why.
The Tabernacle is a picture of Christ’s first ministry on the Earth. There was nothing in His appearance that we should desire Him, as the Scripture says in Isaiah, but internally, he was beautiful. The tabernacle would cost millions to make by today’s standards, since the interior shone due to all the gold. Yet, on the outside, the Tabernacle was not an extremely attractive tent. It was sort of bland. This shows Christ’s nature during His first ministry: not as impressive on the outside, but inwardly beautiful.
I am currently eating fresh strawberries and vanilla yogurt as I write this—Liberté’s Mediterrainée is the most wonderful vanilla yogurt you will ever eat…it’s like eating whipped cream on your berries…yum! Yes, the MF is 10%, but it’s more nutritious for you then actual whipped cream and so, so, SO good. Worth it.
Alcohol also raises the body’s blood pressure, increasing the risk of a heat-related illness like hyperthermia over heating and heat stroke especially for people with high blood pressure.
This year I decided to teach letters a bit differently. We went at it letter of the day style and finished pretty quick. This was all in effort create or own alphabetic code that I posted about a while back. My plan was to present all of the letters, one per day, then to go back and review. The thing is, they didn't need to go back. They learned the letters just as well as they did back when I took two or three days per letter. We still used McCraken's Spelling Through Phonics which works awesome!
After a nice day in the yard I headed out to a FunRaiser for a breast cancer organization called Team Towanda. I was participating in the health fair prior to the party honoring and celebrating amazing women. It was a great event with food and dancing all night long. I was blessed to have both my sister Kelly and a friend Grace attend the party as my dates.
It will be quite a while before we visit with our psychotic backwoods friends again, for now we get to meet the Rat Pack of Wolfbreath College: three women all around thirty, who were thick as thick can be back in the day, defending one another from terrible boyfriends, domineering parents, and general boredom: Trina (Tiana Pierce), who lives in Beverly Hills and is some undefined way one of the beautiful people always giving and attending parties and generally being seen with and by important cinema folks (she is introduced at a party scene full of vapid Hollywood "deep" types that recalls, though it obviously does not match, the L.A. sequence of Annie Hall); Abbey (Nancy Hendrickson), living in cramped Chicago apartment with her unspeakably cruel hypochondriac mother; and Jackie (Deborah Luce), a New Yorker who makes the most spectacularly bad choices about men you could imagine. Once a year, these three women get together to go on mystery trips, in which only one member of the trio knows where they're headed or what they're doing there until they've arrived. This year, it's Jackie's turn, and she wants go go on a camping trip in the New Jersey woods. First, of course, they have to pass by a creepy convenience store manager (Scott Lucas), who warns them to stay away from Barons Wilderness. Though after they manage to destroy his shop, he's a lot less concerned with sending them off to their demise.
Session 8: 1 pm – 2:15 pm
“‘Cause you threw him at me. Must mean you don’t want him,” Natalie teased.
Or hath he spoken and shall he not make it good”.
I put the cover on last night. I went for simple on the cover. I had three panels of marbleized silk and I wanted to showcase them. Here is the front:
Stacey's chin bounced as he tried to hold back to tears, "But it wasn't right."
“What are you doing Thursday evening”. I had a function to cater at the Club.
I'd had lunch at 11:30, and I knew I wouldn't be eating until about 7:30, so I was hoping to have a little something to eat. Hoping to have a little something vaguely healthy to eat. Without actually ordering something real (like pizza or pasta), I was left with only sweet things. I almost didn't give in, but I mentioned the presence of tiramisu... My brother was unable to resist, so I opted for a Creme di Fragola. It included strawberries - they're healthy, right?
So last week I told you how my husband had set a challenge for me to ‘drive like a granny’. Well. The results are in. My hubby said that I wouldn’t see that much of an improvement with my fuel consumption from the first try, however, I managed to get an additional 75km (46mi) out of my tank! I was absolutely gobsmacked! I generally get about 620km (385mi) out of a full tank of petrol, but the fact that when I had to put in more fuel, my odometer was sitting at 695kg (431mi) blew my mind away. Don’t get me wrong… I still ‘put foot’ as such, especially with all of my idiot truck drivers on our roads, but wow. I am genuinely impressed and cannot wait to continue saving money on petrol, ESPECIALLY the way the price keeps jumping up.
Q: I think many of people who read your mum's book wouldn't know satire if it hit them in the face. Do you feel the same?
"I'm okay C. As good as can be expected, I guess."
Also Sports in an Equal Money System will be available to all and no longer be an exclusive privilege to those with money. A mentioned sports in our current system can be quite expensive to get into as a child and as one move along in the ranks it becomes increasingly more and more expensive, which ultimately weed out the poor from having a chance at all to compete against those with money.
First off, thank you to one of my Twitter followers for pointing me out to Chris Harrison’s blog post (there are many other drug users whose writing I prefer, namely Hunter S. Thompson). You know by now it’s my theory that Chris has to do extreme amounts of narcotics to be able to continue doing this show. We got some concrete proof today. HERE is the link so you know I am not making this shit up:
a good man will be willing
He says the Singh dinner, when Tareq and Michaele Salahi and Carlos Allen got through security, was, until now, the biggest scandal the service has faced.
My house is getting fixed. You all know that I call my house the "money pit", right? I mean...it was built in 1890. I don't expect it to be anywhere close to perfect!
“It is your heart which is your prime communication device with the universe. Your head brain is merely that which gathers information from the quantum fields, your abdominal brain focuses your feelings. It is only your heart which can fuse both of these and determine the structure of the universe around you.”
Looking at the map highlight the scope of the problems in Hackney. I knew there was a huge issue but seeing it like that is quite eye opening. There will however be many others in that area struggling who haven't sort advice. And thousands of others all over the country in exactly the same position.
The warp drive won the race, and I hit the next gate and jumped through. It was, however, pretty clear where I was headed. I started the warp to the next jump gate as soon as I could. And, sure enough, the whole gang jumped through to me and broke cloak all around again. This time only one of their ships started targeting me before I was in warp.
The man, of course, was Panaït Istrati, a young Romanian of Slavic and Greek descent who had led a most extraordinary life, one that had taken him around the Mediterranean, across eastern Europe and the Levant, and into and out of all kinds of jobs: “cabaret house boy, sandwich man, sign painter, house painter, journalist and photographer.” Along the way, Istrati had picked up stories as varied and entrancing as those of The Arabian Nights. Rolland took Istrati under his wing, recognizing in him a born storyteller (in his preface Rolland notes that Istrati’s storytelling prowess proved so irrepressible he’d interrupted the narrative of his own suicide note to weave in a few choice tales).
I find that using lemon peel makes a difference in bringing out the flavor and in this cake, we noted the lemony flavor, not overwhelming but present.
For as long as she can recall Bryn Halbrook has seen a golden aura around certain people, and it is only when her new best friend Joshua dies that she understands the glow means death. Bryn struggles to adapt to a new town and a new foster home while trying to deal with the guilt of being unable to save her friend. Until mysterious biker-boy, Aidan Lee arrives.
Statistically, over 400 billion cups of coffee are consumed every year, which is why coffee also happens to be the second most traded product in the world. In America alone, over 450 millions cups of Java are consumed on a daily basis, where the typical coffee drinker imbibes an average of three and a half cups a day. While it is already evident that the production and sales of coffee is healthy to any economy (especially in Brazil), what most health experts now are questioning is whether coffee is beneficial to one’s body in the long run.
But...eh, the princess, while nice enough, was mostly "stock cute orphan" mixed with "stock precocious girl" and I was never able to connect with her or even care about her. The mad king was more the pathetic king and I couldn't care less about the missing queen. Actually, I kind of hated her and I don't even know why considering I never even got to meet her.
Yes, America started it. While the Bush gang decries "blaming America for everything," it doesn't change the fact that many terrible events are the fault of American policies. It shouldn't boggle the mind too much. We have a worldwide Empire, and imperial actions will have consequences.
I am sorry if I got to you late... but I did get to everyone and was loving all the wonderful STYLISH projects. Thanks for sharing part of you with us!
The second recipe venture started with wilting strawberries in the fridge. The idea of another banana berry smoothie sent me to the edge and then to the internet in search of something different.
- Lewis Carroll
Overheard Tracy on the 8th of October talking to people passing by. She was so Happy. So Proud of her "Sucks BALLS" sign. She marveled at how her sign seemed to be the "Most Popular."
And so it would go on. Sometimes it would be one of those conversations over a beer that would take a surprising turn.
The national attention from perennial leaders of the black community, Sharpton and Rev Jesse Jackson is not welcome, according to C.L. Bryant, the former head of the NAACP in Garland, Texas.
Today's class:
One of the best parts about going to a zoo is being able to get close to some rather lethal animals. Alligators have long had a bad rap along with their slimmer cousins, Crocodiles. Here are a few shots from a trip to Jacksonville Zoo in of course Jacksonville Florida – circa 2007.
It was all set to the primal rhythm of a steady thumping backbeat complemented by a bass line hitting you everywhere. It caused dancing of the simplest pattern; hop hop, switch foot, hop hop, switch foot, hop hop; arms swinging back and forth in time to the movement of the always bouncing feet. The grass was bright and green and standing when the man next to me started dancing this basic jungle influenced sway. By mid concert he had danced the grass flat, by nights end, to mud.
its just me that has trouble with it LOL LOL.
During the examination I started to feel sick. I've never witnessed the phenomenon known as "projectile vomiting" and I doubted such a thing existed. My doubts were banished. Several times.
John F. Watt has been a mystery that has me mystified since the 1980s. He was a prolific writer, but almost nothing appeared under his own name and trying to trace the network of pen-names he used is proving to be a nightmare. I've traced 46 pen-names so far and it seems very likely that he used double that number.
So a whistlestop journey through the amazing lovelies!
He saw two tours of combat duty in Vietnam. He's of late been a military analyst for the Fox News Channel and a lecturer on counter-terrorism. From 1982 to 1986 he commanded the 351st Civil Affairs Command that included all Special Forces, psychological warfare and civil military units in the Western United States and Hawaii." (Read the entire article at World Net Daily HERE.)
2 p NEEDS Fit by SESSIONS FIT
This month, I am giving my first Music Therapy Improvisation Workshop for HH donations. I’m looking forward to actively earning some designated money (over scavenging for change and scraping from my own earnings.).
Week 3: Developing Your Brand
Red Alders (Alnus rubra) is the most common alder tree in our area and it can be argued that it is one of the most valuable and unique native plant in our watershed (although, I’ll never claim favorites).
Little porky Anny opted not to chill out as a human being and stop taking things so seriously, going down the road of getting his pound of flesh while in the process convincing himself that his cause is just. You see my fellow pursuers of a harmonious zen state, there is knowledge and there is passion. Both equally dualistic. You can know everything in the world but without passion you will never be able to understand what you know. On the other side you can be passionate with ignorance at which point passion becomes what I phrase anti-passion. Anti-passion and passion are easy to discern from one another. Passion, which is infused with properly perceived knowledge always moves in the direction of freedom, peace and allowance of other human beings. Anti-passion however, always moves in the direction of bringing about peace through intolerant force. That’s the current leadership of the party, and that’s this guy. No doubt he dabbled in a few debate classes and all his friends are careful to avoid topics he might could turn into an argument because they’re sick of hearing him try to impress them with his anti-passionate rhetoric. Never works though because when he’s sitting at the huddle house sipping on a lemon water and he sees his friend pour ketchup on his scrambled eggs he just has to jump in his lap about it by bloviating on why its socially, economically, philosophically and theologically unacceptable to do so in public. Sheesh.
the glitter glue is from my stash and same for the mat I used for my wirtting
And while Soon-mi is an extreme (the other girls are taller than her), it's still not surprising. The typical North Korean is about six inches shorter than the typical South Korean. (As far as I can tell, Yunu and Guncheol seem average to me, but I am rotten at judging people's relative heights.)
Au revoir,
I know. Embarrassing, isn't it?
Some, for the sake of their political cause, have sought to downplay the magnitude of what occurred on that September day nine years ago today. “More have died elsewhere” they say, and it is true that there was greater loss of life in Nagasaki, Hiroshima and in Dresden, there were single days in Rwanda which saw greater carnage and it is also true that many more die in earthquakes and other natural disasters. However, there is a context to these things, and it was the context of 09/11 which sets it apart from acts of God and from the crimes of other men.
I am really going to try and get back into my blogging groove! And just because I may not be posting much I am still out here and keeping up with all of your blogs. You’re my blog buddies and I heart you lots and lots!
These are the kind of days that make kids skip one day to take a breather, and return the next striving for life-goals year after year. These are the kind of days that flood my text inbox with “Today was a good day.” They are the kind of days that bind. They make us more than family. They allow us to know each other. They are the kind of days that offer us moments of love, the kind of days that allow us time to understand.
1 respond
This week was a special treat by the company to bring in some delicious Eye-talian food (according to our resident Italian though, it wasn’t italian, but “italian”). In any case, it was a fairly tasty meal of salad, pizza (several different kinds including pepperoni, bbq chicken and combination), some pasta stuffs and chicken piccata. Check out our non-taco Tuesday pics below
Many news reporters and talk show hosts are claiming that the Supreme Court may be asked to determine if Obama's action violated the Constitution. However, Article I Section 3 Clause 6 states that the Senate has sole Power to try the President.
I (unintelligible heavy breathing) to you.
In January we celebrated the new year at Parkside on 6th Street with my bffs and some of their random friends that I've never met before. :)
There isn't much going on in terms of conventional storytelling in Street Trash: A bearded liquor store merchant finds a case of bottles (containing a beverage called "Viper") hidden behind a wall in his basement, dusts them off, and starts selling them to his mainly homeless customers. One by one, the thirsty vagrants try the curious wish-wash, only to find themselves twitching violently and melting into a pool of muck after taking a single sip.
#9 The United States once had the highest proportion of young adults with post-secondary degrees in the world. Today, the U.S. has fallen to 12th.
What’s needed at these times is to slow down. While I can’t stop my self from making my quick judgment of the situation, what I can do is to delay announcing it. If pressed, I can state my ideas as tentative; as beginnings of thought, rather than as conclusions. I can include the doubt as part of what I know.
I am not particularly interested in a 'new generation' as such: I am interested in the way continuities work in changed circumstances.
Onion - 1 medium
be described as a type of Proto-Thrash/Speed Metal, with the
Artist and writer Letizia Mancino's style is very creative and witty. Her imagination is outstanding.
I could tell how the last 3-4 miles were going by what I wasn't thinking. Usually I'm thinking "Get this guy!" or "Keep your legs moving! Work your hands!" but instead, the last few miles were spent mainly in numb contemplation of what went wrong. Was it the perfect storm of several extended work, family and personal commitments over the previous week? Or maybe that crash and burn 12-mile run nine days ago, even though I seemed to fully recover from it two days later. Did I blitz last Tuesday's tempo run too fast, and leave some of my race on the track? Have I not recovered from that sore throat I had last week?
future product (referred to as DRP-FB-56) is $114,760,000 (U.S. Dollars).
He started the firm in the 1970s in the garage of parents Paul and Clara. Co-founder Steve Wozniak said he will "miss him as much as everyone".
As lunch hour wound to an end, I knew I had to get back to my internship, so Sara and I said goodbye. She fished through her bag and offered me two things: her rights guide and an ARC of Frost by Marianna Baer (a brilliant book, by the way!). I was just sliding my way out of the booth seat, and I leaned over to accept the papers in her hand.
I decided to make Scented Rice in Baked Pumpkin from one of my Cooking for Two magazines. I really wanted to make something that I would never really make otherwise.
I wanted to give a special "HEY THERE" to my good friend Auntie Marge for sending me a funny little poem that goes a little like this:
Branches
She was classy, dignified, and certainly very principled in her beliefs. Unlike many today, she did not waiver for the sake of party unity. If she felt it was wrong, it was still wrong--even if her party openly waffled on any given subject.
That's not who we are.
Dialogue: 6,0:17:31.47,0:17:35.23,Default,,0000,0000,0000,,Then allow me to tell you the story of the secret club.
1t baking soda
Jen, you're going to need to contact me so I can get your address -- I've got a lot of publicists and authors to contact so you can start receiving ALL of your books! Your doorbell is going to be ringing A LOT in the next few weeks! I hope you have a lot of time to be reading!
Jack Skellington, the pumpkin king of Halloween Town, is bored with doing the same thing every year for Halloween. One day he stumbles into Christmas Town, and is so taken with the idea of Christmas that he tries to get the resident bats, ghouls, and goblins of Halloween town to help him put on Christmas instead of Halloween — but alas, they can’t get it quite right.
Delicious and easy!!!
Thanks for the Great blog. Something about myself. I have recently immigrated to a country were I had no job lined up or were I could not even speak the Language. To say that my first year was the most difficult time of my life would be a major understatement. I have now seemed to have crossed the largest hurdle, found a job and settled in. This is the sacrifice I had to make for my families freedom and survival. It saddens me however to read and hear about my beloved countries further decline into anarchy. I am therefore at a complete loss of words when the loved ones that remained behind have optimism for the future. What is this based on? Surely they are privy to the same information and news that I see and hear.
while
You can start number one...
This was the tutorial I used. I had to improvise at the end because I didn't understand the tutorial. But I think it turned out well!
One of the first things my Sifu told me is that when you step onto the mat, you leave everything else off.
There's a lovely flow to our schedules and our lives. It's quite different than the home I grew up in and I'm thankful for that and that my children have grown up in a home of warmth and peace and harmony.
Okay. Here’s a big problem I have with that whole “pitchers and catchers” thing. It’s changed quite a bit from when I was a kid. Though it’s always been optional for anyone other than pitchers and catchers, it’s almost required now. But it’s not. Sort of. But it’s expected too. Sort of.
She added: “the British Government should support an increase in EU aid, as this report shows delivers improved results.”
‘Well, I don’t see any harm in that, do you?’
She called me back pretty quickly after I sent the message and told me--no shit--that she'd been traveling quite a bit over the past three weeks, dealing with the unexpected death of her mother who had burned to death after some of her clothes caught on fire.
- sentiment by Penny Black - called 'Friends Matter', stamped in Old Olive
Well...Alex is officially six years old! He kicked off the celebration of his sixth birthday with an ARMY themed birthday party. The week before had been warm and beautiful...then the weekend hit and the weather took a nose-dive. It was chilly (50s) and misting, but we made the best of it. Alex had tons of fun as did his guests...I can honestly say that I didn't hear one kid whine, at least not about the weather!
Let’s focus our attention on how to make legal immigration work and stop illegal immigration.
Answer: first check out www.thehuntingchannelonline.com resource center and use the mapping tools or google earth if you have it. Look at 3d and arial photos of the areas try to distinguish lanscape features that typically hold deer like, benches, water sheds, saddles and edges within these areas look for funnels, inside corners fence lines and anything you think will alter deer movement. mark those areas then locate thme in the filed and inspect for deer sign like: dropping signs of feeding, rubs and scrapes and deer beds. i areas of high potential useage place trail cameras up if you have them if not set up a stand in th eoff season far off the the areas an observe from a distance with binos. try to pattern what th edeer are doing, what type of deer you are getting etc. then pick a stand site accordingly. good luck
-All of those are novels, but yet they sound so difficult to write.
Session Description:
and sometimes an odd scrap of news –
To the victims of 9/11, to the Firemen and Policemen who did their heroic jobs and lived or died:
The knights, Trust and Love, of the round table
This was an excellent activity for developing fine motor control and imaginary play.
Empower Warlock: When this ally enters play, if you control another Warlock hero or ally, search your deck for a Pet or Demon ally, reveal it, and put it into your hand.
spoiled Christmas plans
I’ve wanted to leave since the meeting was fifteen minutes old, but it’s impossible to exit gracefully that early. I decide to stay for 90 minutes, but I stick it out for 112 so I won’t scream "NO!" if someone asks, “Do you really have to leave so early?” There’s a fair chance that no one would, but there are people who delight in directing everyone’s rapt attention at some poor schmuck whose only crime was trying to sneak out the door. I remind myself to walk slowly when my mind finally rebels and orders my body to get it out of there. The cold air and silence are welcoming, but I’m too drained to enjoy them. I’m also sleepy, and my head hurts. I ask myself what good I got from going, and I can’t think of anything.
Here's my card for this week, it is not actually Team A's turn until next week, but after doing this every Tuesday for about 7 months now, I find it really difficult to miss one. Plus every week there are fabulous new graphics to play with, it's soooo hard to resist!
I've read a little about power travelling along cables (whether it's generated from solar or fossil fuels) losing a certain percentage to entropy. So more power has to be generated to replace the loss. It's not a huge amount compared to what power makes it through, but entropy does add up. I would think, efficient use of resources would encourage maximum electricity being used, closest to the source generating them. It's not like grid connected solar is the same as stand alone solar - where you may need to charge your batteries during the day so you have electricity at night. We have an electricity grid to plug into any time.
11:30 am CST May 6th (Beijing)
Meanwhile, Addy literally stopped in her tracks and her mouth did indeed drop open when her eyes fell upon this:
"You'll have it in the morning".
As my finacée, the one with other-world intelligence and advice on life more astute than anything I’ve ready before, would just say: Stop. Think. This constant consumption of our society — be it high-fructose corn syrup or your RSS feed — needs to just STOP and THINK sometimes. Or better yet, see the world and take in the information as something more than where the next drive-thru is.
Our Daring Cooks’ December 2011 hostess is Sara from Belly Rumbles! Sara chose awesome Char Sui Bao as our challenge, where we made the buns, Char Sui, and filling from scratch – delicious! And I'm only a week late telling you about it.
"Take the shackles off my feet so I can dance...I just want to praise Him...I want to praise Him..." I watched in my rear view mirror as she lifted her little hands in the air and shouted "I want to praise HIM!" and I just knew she totally understood! In her little way she was praising God. She didn't care if a car passed and saw her...she just did it!
After a busy day doing lots of other *stuff* - reading, playing, thinking, talking, questions, questions, questions etc.....
It is time to take action! It is time to take the destiny of our world in our own hands! Therefore we will meet in groups large and small, as individuals and couples, at the exact time of full moon this May. Millions of us will gather and visualize the liberation of our planet from the tyranny of the central bankers so that for the first time in our history we will have the chance to create our own destiny as free citizens of the Earth…LINK
Many thanks to everyone who joined in last week and we thoroughly enjoyed looking at all your entries and boy, oh boy, did Karen have a hard job choosing. The top 3 in no paticular order are :
Hope everyone has a fun safe night tonight! I'll be in class and studying for tests until the sunsets, and then I plan on dressing up and going down town with a few friends for an hour or two-nothing too exciting, but better than nothing.
C loves watching the show American Pickers on A&E.
So, now he will wear a badge,
If you don’t step up
Janeane Garofalo
541600 Management, scientific, & technical consulting services
When I got ready to paint, I stood on a chair so I could reach up near the ceiling. Imagine my surprise when I looked down and saw a hidden spot of dirt and grime, the top of my medicine cabinet! For all the times I had cleaned that bathroom, I had forgotten about this hidden area and boy, did it show!
Totally surprised at the turn of events, I pressed my husband for details. ”She started walking around and seemed fine,” he said. In fact, she walked all the way from the shrubbery to the coop, a good 30 feet and then up the ramp. Amazing!
You worry about him when she's gone, not sure if he's eating or sleeping properly, you're concerned he'll descend into a cycle of drink and despondency. You know they've planned to meet up in Canada in a month or two and you hope he'll stick to the plan, that they'll be back together soon. But you also know there's a downside to that.
And his mother and father never kissed
Georgiy Bovt, writing in Izvestia, the Russian newspaper, also took a look at Obama’s first year. Suffice it to say he tore into the young President, along with the “reset” message he tried to send Russia and the rest of the world. Bovt said, “While Obama practiced conciliatory gestures, the camps of al Qaeda prepared and continues to prepare for future attacks.” He ripped the political correctness that leaves America vulnerable.
Let me Know your Thoughts Below, Follow this Blog, and be Social with this Post, for the more people we have living successfully in this Now Moment and discussing the value of doing so, the higher we lift all others around us.
He doesn’t surrender it even when he is in terrible pain on the cross, wondering if he is totally alone.
- earth - a bureaucratic desire for extra-capsular extraction - southern lord - 2010 (lp)
I am not sure they can endure another baby's wrath.
chocolate covered titties
The changes proposed by the FBI to the training modules are a welcomed first step in ensuring that such a mistake does not occur again in the future. The group asked the FBI Director to issue a formal statement on this matter acknowledging the negative impact of these training materials on the Muslim community. Representatives from the community and interfaith organizations also stressed the importance of transparency by the Bureau in dealing with these matters, and suggested that a committee of community leaders and experts be assembled to review training material issued by the FBI. Meeting participants requested that the training process be open and transparent moving forward, and requested future meetings with Director Mueller to continue the conversation.
Well so far we have been spared any further storm activity, here's hoping it stays that way!!
As numbers of visitors visit this beautiful place every year, there are different kinds of hotels in Himachal which can accommodate a large of tourists of different kinds and status. In order to avoid any type of inconvenience, you can easily book your hotel through online. Hotels in Himachal offer a great service to their visitors. Most of the hotels in Himachal are located at a nice place and have neat and clean room. These hotels of Himachal offer their best services to the tourists as the staffs of these hotels are well mannered and the hotels are also equipped with maximum modern amenities required by the tourists. Tourists also enjoy mouth water dishes of Himachal in the restaurant of these hotels.
I got this gorgeous stamp set called Victorian Lady by Woodware a couple of weeks ago from The Craft Outlet near where I live. Have been itching to use it. I simply stamped and embossed it with clear embossing powder. Kept it quite simple by just adding a touch of colour to the hat brim and the bow. The patterned paper is a new one I got from Papermania. I used my trusty Big Shot to emboss the red panels. Just love my Big Shot machine. Added some ribbon across the centre, some pearls, feathers and flowers to finish.
What everybody knows
3. A device used for STRAIGHTENING OUT DEAD PEOPLE and keeping them that way while you wired them into place.
Council cabinet member for homes and planning Councillor Tim Ball (Lib Dem, Twerton) assured residents that their views would be heard.
Then I was afraid because you needed an “invite” to even join the site, and thinking back to my high school days when I’d wear a denim buttoned shirt on top of denim relaxed-fit jeans…well I didn’t think I’d make the cut.
ever know.
Other stories have placed identity loss in the foreground. How often we talk about the loss of identity as being an effect of disability! Yet, the absence of crucial information about identity may itself be a Disability. Take, for instance, persons who are of First Nations (Native American) descent, but are cut off from their ancestral roots. This is a surprisingly common experience created by some of the same forces that marginalize persons who are traditionally disabled, including marginalization, colonialism, and enclosure. The overall effect of separation from one’s tribal roots is frequently to instill a sense of lost identity, and a haunting sense of one’s Self as incomplete. Efforts to regain tribal identity may be rebuffed by the tribe of origin for any number of reasons, although most of those relate to the protection of limited resources, and, oddly enough, tribal identity. The effect, however, is to reinforce the seeker’s sense of loss and alienation.
We want you to browse and be updated daily on the latest happenings in around South Africa, not only because we love you guys but rather because no-one likes to be left out of the loop.
if it’s about to die, it won’t be loved
THE GYM
happy friday! the time has finally come! i am moving on up to portland, oregon this weekend! so for the next week, please bear with me as i am making a huge trek up to the pacific northwest.
I have three cards for my Guest Design spot at Bah!Humbug! Challenge Blog. This is my third week with the lovely ladies of the manor so it seems only fitting to have three cards. The challenge was to make cards for "the boys". I decided to do one for three different age groups.
"You won't put that on your blog, will you?" she asked after I snapped this one.
12. Soylent Green feat. Trials (prod. by Trials)
Even following the War, and the infection…well, admit it, she still looks good. Just don’t get too close, those claws are sharp.
"There is a certain Icelandic mentality which adheres to the DIY spirit," explains Siggi Baldursson, the country's most famous drummer, who achieved acclaim in the Sugarcubes along with Björk. "It's a bit of an honour to come and play here," he adds.
Soooo many things to blog about and still so less time!!!
Eleanor Antin (1 set of postcards, 1971-1973)
As the members of the Medical Brigade were given the tour, a young woman worked in the minimalist kitchen, preparing the family’s food. Under a tarp to shield from the bright sun and over a narrow workbench she kneaded corn flour, turning the dough into hand-pressed tortillas which then went onto a wood-fire stove. The stove was adobe brick itself and attached to the outside of the home. A pot of beans bubbled next to the two ‘burners’ occupied by the tortillas.
Release: Caring And Killing 1997
After that comes the coronal mass ejection, which looks like a growing bubble and takes a couple days to reach Earth. It’s that ejection that could cause magnetic disruptions Thursday.
Heart to heart, soul to soul
NEVER, NEVER, NEVER, NEVER give up. (Winston Churchill)
Or to descretly remove the bark in a ring around an apple tree, and then carefully put the dirt back to cover your tracks?
If you join in and make a flutter by card, please leave me a comment so I can check your wonderful creation out!!
The width of this blog is 470 pixels. The width of images in my Etsy shop are 570 pixels. That means, I have to adjust them so they are 100 or more pixels smaller when I place them in the context of one of my posts. I do this by adding width=”470″ after the image location URL, as shown in the example below. The picture will stay proportional in size when only given a specified width or height measurement, so there is no need for me to figure out what the other measurement would need to be. This comes in handy when I am working with images of different widths, but want them all to be the same height, or vice-versa.
Before we get to the root causes, I feel it is necessary (for the sake of those who are not entirely familiar with this issue) to first discuss a few basic facts and features:
taxes and also not raise taxes
But it's not whiskey, and it's not moonshine.
DE: Going to prison for five years.
The song in the video, sung by Sophie Milman, is "Eli, Eli" - a poem written by Hannah Senesh and set to a melody composed by David Zahavi.
“Transmission is a big theme of this conference, and it’s a huge issue as we try to expand, so having these commissioners coming to Arizona to talk about these issues is a very big deal,” Mayes said. “By the same token, it’s critical to have these CEOs here to discuss where they see their industry going and also to delve into what they believe are the regulatory needs. This is an industry at a pivotal point and where we go from the legal and policy standpoints is going to be critical for them.”
Now to crank up the heat, I pray you will sign that Amicus (Friend of the Court) Petition to the Kangaroo (supreme) Court I spoke about.
4. ‘The Producers’ – in Manhattan with Matthew Broderick and Nathan Lane in a 6 week revival of their roles – I can quite safely say I have never laughed so much. Even though it was a Sunday matinee, a performance time that I’ve always viewed as the graveyard shift, the level of hilarity was such that the Broderick and Lane succumbed to hysteria as well and had to leave the stage to compose themselves
Fishing for Numbers is a simple, quick game where students practice basic facts in addition and subtraction while using problem solving strategies. The first player rolls two dice and says the numbers. Then he/she looks at the empty spaces on the board and decides whether to ADD the numbers or SUBTRACT the numbers. Once a choice is made, the player says the number sentence aloud and places his/her marker over the answer. Play alternates in this fashion until one player covers all the spaces on his/her board.
Discover Dublin
“Encroachment must be eradicated and approval shouldn’t be given for development projects in these areas,” he said in his address.
Let’s be clear on one thing- there really isn’t a ‘Womack Militia.’ This fictitious moniker derives from the LEED-IE PAC’s shameless political ads in the local daily, seeking to demonize one of the county’s hardest working and most fiscally conservative public servants while mobilizing anti-conservative feelings to defeat GOP candidates that Commissioner Womack (and the Republican Party) support. Ironically, there is a groundswell of anti-liberal sentiment in Lee County. Citizens here are fed up with the boorish behavior of those who seek to perpetuate higher taxes and elevated spending levels without accountability in our county. Rather than a ‘militia,’ the voters of Lee County are coming after those who pretend to serve the interests of our citizens (but who really are just taking care of their buddies, the good old boys of Lee County).
The Dream team went outside of the box and created cards and projects not in the shape of a square..
The British government is the bond slave of the “invisible and inaudible” force centred in the City. The City calls the tune. The “visible and audible leaders” are mere puppets who dance to that tune on command. They have no power. They have no authority. In spite of the outward show they are mere pawns in the game being played by the financial elite.
The information in this field is organized mostly in books, which is amazing taking into consideration the fact that it’s a visual mode of communication, and the crucial thing is to have the visual memory of the movement in mind when one encounters the relevant gesture.
At the office I continue working on my projects. Not much to report.
They believed themselves wiser than all the collective knowledge of Kings, Sages, Poets, Warriors, Prophets and Seers who had come in all the generations before them.
When I was about 13 years old, I used to go up to Chabot Observatory to the public show. They usually did some show & tell exhibits indoors and then if the night was clear, went and used their two telescopes. After awhile, they would let me lead parts of the program and it was great fun and education too. Due to that, I ended up taking 4 semesters of astronomy in college.
STARRING: Noomi Rapace, Michael Fassbender, Guy Pearce, Charlize Theron, Idris Elba, Logan Marshall-Green, Patrick Wilson, Rafe Spall
- Price: Only 30 euro
4 reason
Series or Stand-Alone: Stand-Alone
Archibald’s dream meant a great deal of travel, in exploration and surveying, and a great deal of frustration at the slow pace of Chinese life. But alongside the Littles’ interest in and huge sympathy for the Chinese people – whom they saw as being the victims of an inert and corrupt government in which all decisions were taken on the basis of a thousand-year-old ‘tradition’ irrelevant to the nineteenth century – was horror at the effects of the customary foot-binding which crippled women in pursuit of the ideal of tiny feet. Archibald had already noted that its effect was to force women to kneel to carry out agricultural labour, because they could not stand; and women who could barely walk were often forced to haul junks and barges.
- This giveaway is open to US Residents aged 18 and older
Favorite Quote: “Every day you get a chance to stay the same, take a step back, or take a step forward.”
Horse confuses dressage arena rail for a cavaletti; exits at K.
Who trusted God was love indeed
13. Egypt - What Is To Be Done, is a five part analysis of the nature of the revolution in Egypt, and how various Left theories relate to the events. It argues for the workers to focus on developing their own independent property, organisation, democracy and state organs, whilst supporting the struggle of the broader masses for bourgeois democratic freedoms.
PEPSI truck. Wow, product placement.. Especially with the huge banner afterwards.
This review is based on an ARC provided by Netgalley.
After attending a meeting of Cardiff Unite Against Fascism (UAF) today it once again poses the question where next for UAF. There was only 6 people in attendance including to members two of the Socialist Party and one member of the Socialist Workers' Party, a low attendance despite recent mobilisations to both Swansea and Newport for anti-fascist demonstrations.
NFL Comparison: Stevie Johnson
If you are to truly ‘fit in’ to your community, just drinking Rakia is not enough, you’ll need to actually make it. It’s best to get your local ‘Mistor’ to help the first year, as there is a little more to making it than simply filling barrels full of rotting fruit, (unless you actually intend on blinding friends and neighbours.) Once made though, you will have enormous pride in your creation, foisting it on anyone who approaches your door. However be warned, it can be a little dangerous to spend a long dark winter knowing you have 50 litres of 60+ proof alcohol in your shed. If you can, allow it to age, then you can take it with pride to Bulgarian parties where it will be scrutinized, ‘that’s peach, from hummmm……. (swish round mouth and concentrated look)… 2010?’
Down from £22!!....to £6.50.
When I got into line for the van ride to the hotel, it was jammed with more librarians and their accompanying identifying tote bags. And these weren't the "Ssssh!" types from the 50s. They were all swaying to the sounds of the jazz band playing beside baggage pickup!
Various Artists-IMPRESSED 2 CD-R burn
There is no real resolution to what happens when the magical in Boston have no one to turn too. Will Evie eventually fulfill this role? By the end of Wild, it’s not clear. While it’s okay with me if this is an ongoing thread, it also needs to be moved along in it’s development.
How did you spend summertime as a child? You probably have memories of vacationing with your family, playing baseball or softball, attending summer camps, or swimming at the pool or lake.
Until now. Maybe.
So how many damn Fulford clones are out there?!
Here's my "treatment plan," gleaned from browsing the worldwide web:
~Logan
It goes on to discuss this and ways you can help your children in greater detail. I found the research and article supports most of my assumptions about the importance of teaching empathy at a young age and how you choose to discipline your children. Click here to read the whole TIME article .
[IMDB link] [Netflix link] If anyone watched the 2007 film Bee Movie… This is where it *seems* they stole their ideas from. (In reality, they probably didn’t steal anything — there’s only so many ideas, and everything has been done.)
All children, babies in particular, are different, this I'm fully aware of. But I'm not sure I was prepared for this. Truly and wholely prepared. Now don't get me wrong, I wouldn't change anything, its just I'm having a hard time right now. I never had postpartum with Hallie so feeling down is a new experience. At least after the birth.
For more information on the solar PV campaign in India please refer to the following sources:
"Because you won't help me!" I replied.
That includes televising home football games in a format that can be used by ESPN3.com or one of the myriad sports TV networks, many of which seem desperate for programming.
I am still trying to recover from the chills I had all over on Saturday night when I saw Les Miserables at the Fabulous Fox Theater. It was, in a word, INCREDIBLE! My parents gave me 2 tickets for Christmas and it was one of the best gifts I’ve ever received. I love musical theater, and Les Miserables is one of the most beautiful compilations of song in the world. In fact, I not only was covered in chills, but my heart was racing, it took my breath away, and tears filled my eyes several times. It is that good!
This assessment by the Trial Chamber is more consistent with the findings of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission. One of the intriguing features of the transitional justice mechanisms in Sierra Leone is that the two main bodies, the Special Court and the Truth Commission, have not necessarily shared the same vision of the conflict. The Court has focused on external factors, blaming Taylor, Ghaddafy and others for the civil war. The Truth Commission, on the other hand, tended to downplay the role of external actors like Taylor and proposed an analysis that found the main cause of the conflict to be the decades of tyranny and corruption within Sierra Leone. With its more modest perspective on the involvement of Taylor, the 26 April 2012 judgment
Awwww, yeahhh...those were some mighty fine shrimp. Monday dinner, simple, boiled and served up with some melted butter, corn and a colorful bowl of giardiniera including carrots, cauliflower, brilliant yellow peppers and banana peppers. The shrimp I boiled with some bay leaves, cajun seasoning*, cayenne and some lemon juice in the water. Oh, man, was it tasty.
Nope. Nothing in the computer. After being asked several times if I am SURE that I don't have a gift receipt and if the person who bought it has the receipt, I am told that I can ask the person for their credit card and they could look it up that way but if they paid cash, I'm out of luck. Like I would never think to ASK for a receipt. I'm burning with anger as I walk back to my car with this @#*& toy!
Carson ended up winning 3rd place in his den and Colten got 2nd place in his den. They didn't place overall, but they've already analyzed what went wrong and have started designing next year's cars :).
Moving to the Remington frangible 9mm ammunition, stepping along at +P velocities from the short Glock barrel, the results were completely different. Each hit on the bar (and accuracy was good enough that every hit was center mass on the 2" bar) resulted in.... well.... something that had to be seen.
Your long runs will allow you to build your endurance (long and slow, working at getting time on your feet as opposed to speed) and your speed workouts should help you to get faster.
Councilwoman Jeanne Ives said the contract is the third union contract city officials have negotiated this year. She said the agrement will limit the city’s future liabilities, creates a two-tier system for severance and retirement pay and buys down liabilities for employees on sick day accumulation. She added the agreement, “keeps us at our two percent goal,” not to increase expenses.
How To Increase Creativeness
It makes me realize how aware I must be in order, that my thoughts do not take me directly into fear.
The weekend was spent overseas; we had been invited to three days of celebrations for a good friend’s birthday. The events were to take place on the neighbouring Isle, and as usual it was no mean feat getting ourselves organised and onto that ferry boat, although we did have to succumb to a slightly reduced ‘party time table’, missing out on a clay pigeon shoot and cask visit.
Having been working very closely with and for Joe (albeit now a long time ago) I know of no one better suited to talk about this topic: Joe is simply the best boss, manager, leader, coach and mentor I’ve ever met during my 25+ years in the business, not just in the software business, but overall!
This might mean we have not had real weather, natural weather, classically seasonal weather for a long time, say the amount of time Big Ag has slurped a lot more water than is available to grow their pesticide generating, bee killing crops. Lately, with the predictability of sprayings followed by weather disturbances, I'm trying to recall how long ago we might have seen natural weather at all. Maybe, if the thirsty personhoods pay full price and power is appropriately convinced of need, pilots are enlisted to work through the night since there are often nights the Milky Way is obscured with crazy zigzags - in which case, first light carries obliterating see nothing - know nothing fogs followed by news coverage of 40 vehicle pileups on major interstates because commuters refuse to take the hint in the mindless rush to beat the clock.
Tripoli — Somali ambassador in Libya Abdiqani Mohammed Wacays said Somali immigrants in that country are facing appalling living conditions after they left from their own country for conflict: here.
There are two myths that are very popular in these circles. The first is that there are several eco-friendly technologies that provide alternatives to conventional energy generation, but they are not being used only because of a conspiracy on the part of evil and greedy governments and corporations.
First up, these gorgeous John Derian decoupaged trays and plates.
To: elections
Making the announcement, Tory Shadow Communities Minister Sayeeda Warsi said: “Taxpayers’ money should be spent on teaching people English rather than keeping people apart by translating into a plethora of languages.”
Happy Mother's Day...
3) Repeat steps 1 & 2 so you have 2 cores full of singles.
Security forces would decide later whether to file charges against the demonstrators, he said.
Bake the cake layers for 28-32 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Let the cake layers cool in the pan for 10 minutes. Turn out the cakes onto a wire rack and remove the paper from the bottoms. Cool completely.
Isaiah 60:2-3
Hope you enjoyed the post! :D
Deep down we all want to laugh. But for many, they are afraid to laugh. If they laugh, they have to let go of their pain for just a moment. And if their pain is their security blanket, it makes them vulnerable if even for a split second.
A moderate–no matter how slick he is on TV, or how “electable” the LSM says he is, how perfect his hair is, or how “presidential” he looks–is fundamentally incapable of making the piss-everyone-off decisions that are necessary to save this country.
It’s customary for the bride’s sister to be maid or matron of honor, and if she has more than one sister, for the role to be shared between them. Regardless of how close you are, it’s probably best to ask your sister to stand with you at the altar, especially if it will cause a family rift if you don’t.
So, this is a controlled rant. Why? Over the years I have found it is much easier to find the root of the problem and concentrate on ranting on that root rather than the whole tree. The associate that helped us originally, was very good at her job and did everything right. It was the delivery company that caused the problem and then because they don't have to deal with me directly, can sit on their lazy butt and just say 'no' for no reason. The store is at their mercy as well seeing as how they only have one delivery company.
One of the researchers now says going a step further and compelling bakers to add the vitamin would lead to even greater gains.
In 2008 millions of Christians from 214 nations united in prayer and on 31 May 2009 a miracle happened when this initiative miraculously expanded to 220 countries in the world. Together with the 10 Days leading up to and the 90 Days of Blessing following the Global Day of Prayer, there was a sense that the call to unity and repentance is deepening. This lay the foundation for God to fill the nations with His glory as His children from around the world cried out to him in unity.
Kelly Parker I would like to work on very large canvases (at least 30” by 40” or larger) to create oil paintings that are bright colorful landscapes that would envelope the viewer and make them feel as though they were standing in that particular landscape.
I miss hiking with them more than almost anything in Xela. I know that they love the hike too, because, since I moved back to the states, they’ve continued to hike.
Naturally the move has taken a lot of time, Thursday and Friday last week were busy days regarding this. However, my time was not all spend humping furniture a fifty five years of collected items, on Saturday, along with Liz Hazell, our Walsall UKIP branch treasurer and Albert and Graham Duffen from Birmingham, I drove up to Skegness for the UKIP Spring Conference – which to say the least was a very uplifting day – UKIP is really on the march now and becoming a real threat to the other, longer established but totally failed, political parties.
After Fred's tie got ruined by Barney while trying to escape the Green Goose's tower, the tie reappears moments later after Fred and Barney got out from the door of the tower.
Durrani said Younus’ case should be a reminder that the Pakistani government needs to do much more to prevent acid attacks and other forms of violence against women, and also help the victims.
When I asked the question last week 'what is it about Paris' I felt as if I could have written on and on... there are so many aspects... from the mainstream to the offbeat... from the large to the small... Paris brings out the dreamers in us all, sparks our imaginations and sends the romantics amongst us into a frenzy...
And to me, that's quite a prize.
Anecdote time: Shortly after I moved to New York, I was riding the subway in the Bronx, on my way to work. While sitting on the train, a woman—who was black—sat down next to me in a seat that didn’t exist. Which is to say that three people were already on the subway bench and she decided to sit down anyway, effectively squishing everyone else. Not thrilled with the idea of spending my remaining train ride getting to accidental first base with a fellow passenger, I simply got up and went to stand by the door. This woman—and I remember this vividly—then turned to me and said loudly enough for most of the surrounding car to hear: “Racist.”
Total Personnel: 1,335
They come to extract a price from the sheep
But in this instance, I just cant help myself. I wanted to show off a spanking new initiative between this firm (now nicknamed WB) and a major engineering firm.
- View God as cop/ police, militant. (Not relational)
It can't be considered an achievement, I know, but I did receive 2 lovely parcels in the post which made me smile. A lot.
So. I don't have much time, but I'll try to explain what I've done in these days.
Maybe we could accuse Fergus of cheating by bringing a tag team, especially when its these two. But either one wipes the floor on its own. Broadside with the Suffolk Gold is magisterial. Innovation with Mrs Temple's Alpine is simply perfect.
Her saintly calling is opposed by Satan. He would shatter the family unit and demean the worth of woman. He would triumph if one man would offend or fail to honor her, or if one woman would deny her infinite worth and behave beneath her dignity. The vulgar portrayal of her beauty as an object of lust, the vile invasion of her private purity, should provoke righteous indignation from all caring people. Elder Russell M. Nelson (“Woman—Of Infinite Worth”, Ensign, Nov. 1989, 20)
I love the style of Stuart’s advertising and the atmosphere it conveys.
Alternate method to the Bottle Trap:
There is not a lot to the book. We learn about the events leading up to the child’s hospitalisation, the wait to see if she would recover, the realisation that she would not, her death and their initial reactions afterwards. One Amazon reviewer had this to say:
All the value and efficacy which was originally in the bloody sacrifice on the corss is entirely translated to the unbloody sacrifice of the Mass, by which sacrifice the former is applied.
The SAFMA and the SAMC called on the governments in the region to commit themselves to supporting and expanding press freedom and the free flow of information in the digital age. “New media have enabled people to bring about massive social and political transformations. Yet, media freedom is fragile, and it is also not yet within the reach of everyone. Furthermore, as more reporting is transmitted online, more and more online journalists including bloggers are being attacked and even killed for their work,” Mr. Alam and Mr. Ketkar said.
Again and again and again ......
How much did military spending change? Was it…
Knowing a person that forms part of the interview, you are about to conduct means nothing. That personal connection stops with the first question being asked – after that, your relationship – momentarily – is turned into a business-professional relation.
The European Patent Convention (EPC)[1] excludes certain subject matter from patentability, for example for moral reasons. For other subject matter it is not possible to obtain patent protection due to the way that EPO practice and case law have developed, such as for a new medical use of a known device or for discovering the mechanism of action of a known drug.
The Grande Villas team are also motivating an engaging our entire staff and guests to get involved with the American Heart Association Start! Movement program.
Love is the only thing she has ever craved..
I also hear this woman say, “I miss you like you can’t imagine,” to the man on the other end of the line. I can even see her smile as she whispers words of comfort and security. I smile when I hear her laughter, the soft laughter which I am sure makes that person far away smile dreamily as well. That person far away whom I cannot hear no matter how much of myself I immerse in this little corner in my head. I cannot hear what he says to make her eyes light up like they do at such moments, but I know it must be much more than I can imagine when she tells him, “I don’t have to dream of you; you are my dream.” I wish I can hear those words when I am outside of my head.
A couple of weeks before we got married, Hubby was on a pre-planned mission trip in the Darien Jungle in Panama. When he got back to the States, he didn't feel so great. Three days before our wedding, he was slammed with a headache and a fever of 104 and I think some other things. My mom told me to take him to the ER. I did. And the ER was apparently busy or something (even though they didn't look it), and they left Hubby lying on the floor (because he hurt too much to stand up) for about three hours until they got him back into a room.
The woman said she had bought formula from another employee at the Chiawelo Clinic in April, despite knowing that she should not have to pay for it.
The Muslim community shelters extremists and illegal immigrants as they did the murderers of Kriss Donald and the media aid and abet them by covering up the facts of such cases.
5. Add first portion of the green onions and red onions and cook for 1 more minute. Pour half of vinaigrette down the side of the wok, and then shake pan to release the beef and toss with the vinaigrette. Add 1 t butter and continue to shake pan until butter melts. Remove the meat and onions from the wok. Keep warm.
Well, your time has arrived, dear Gemini. This week, the Sun enters your sign boosting your energy, giving you an opportunity to recharge your batteries for the rest of the year. Yay! In particular, it will inexplicably attract people and opportunities to you. (Milk this for all its worth because this doesn't happen all the time.) For example, the next month is the only time all year when the Sun will be in Gemini. This also marks the beginning of your personal year (birthday to birthday), so it certainly behooves you to develop a rough expectation of what you want this year to be all about. (It never hurts to have a plan, Stan.) What's it going to be?
In a large bowl, combine the butter and sugar. Beat on high speed until light and fluffy. Add the egg and vanilla, beat well. Add flour mixture and beat on low speed until just combined.
Stay focused......
Our dreams are like the rest areas on a cross-country trip. They refresh us, help us to gauge the distance we’ve come, and give us a chance to consider our destination.
Onto business: today is Valentine's Day. I like Valentine's Day. I do not have a valentine, nor do I have the opportunity to get one before the day is out--regardless, I like Valentine's Day. It provides us with a day focused completely on telling people you love that you love them. While if you need a day to remind you that you love the ones you love, you might need to refocus your priorities, I appreciate the fact that Valentine's Day gives me an excuse to tell people I love them, to reconnect with old friends, and to spend a day surrounded by love.
In a blender, combine other half of onion, 1/2 C. fire-roasted diced tomatoes, chipotle chiles, and another 1/2 t. garlic. Add 1/2 C. reserved chicken stock, and blend until smooth. Set aside chipotle sauce.
He was 27 years old, born with no arms and legs, and he was very handsome.
I have also kicked up my exercise a bit. I am on 20 minutes and have added some running. Today I ran for half the time!!
I could stand under this streetlight
Phew! Are you still here? If so, to sum up, I think everyone needs a first novel. Whether it's successful or not. Because regardless of what stage you are in with the writing game, you're going to have to face all of the emotional ups and downs that come with being brave enough to call yourself a writer.
In March 1911, an Italian film entitled L'inferno was released. Deemed the first full-length Italian motion picture, it is also noteworthy for being loosely based on Dante Alighieri epic poem "The Divine Comedy". In the poem, Dante travels through the three aspects of the Christian afterlife: Inferno (Hell), Purgatorio (Purgatory), and Paradiso (Paradise, or Heaven). Many artists have used this poem as inspiration for their illustrations, perhaps most notable among them Gustave Doré, whose etchings graced the 1857 edition of the poem. It was this edition which inspired the film. (view the etchings here)
And we won't, either.
It is of particular attention that faced with an unending resistance in Iraq, the US had planned to spark a civil war between the Sunnis and Shias. In this context, a study of the Rand Corporation, titled ‘US Strategy in the Muslim World After 9/11′ was conducted on behalf of the then US Deputy Chief of Staff for Air Force.
Re-reading this post, it sounds like my day was pretty boring, but I did enjoy it a great deal; maybe that’s the mark of comfort. I know Delhi is busy, and I can see the millions of people swarming from place to place, but it just doesn’t feel that way. This might be a function of me being more comfortable with India or Delhi just being a wonderful place to live, but either way I am glad I get another day here to experience it some more.
O gods! How beloved he is,
Was peace and war in western hills,
The report -- put together after a November 2010 session, months before protesters challenged Qaddafi's legitimacy and prompted an historic confrontation with his regime -- includes dozens of recommendations for how Libya can improve human rights. But it also includes pages of commentary, mostly positive, from the other 46 delegations to the controversial Human Rights Council.
months later i get an email from one of the organizers inviting me to see some photos that i thought were from the reunion. (you do see where this is going, right?) ok, so, yeah, i do it, after a couple of clicks declining to send a note to everyone i ever knew, i hit cancel and thought no more about it. then i get an email from my high school pal apologizing for the "tagged" requests i'd (along with a gazillion other people in her adressbook) been getting. so after that, every time i saw a tagged email, i deleted it without opening. yesterday, guess what pops up in the mail? subject line: ***** (they used my my real name), is this your photo? whatever, i hit delete and thought no more about it. well, guess what? it was a photo from OUR iphotos library! yep, the MITM opened it and saw one of our trip photos! holy moley, right? how did that happen? i googled "tagged" to see wtf was going on and how it could have happened. the following is just ONE of the answers i found:
Thanks for looking Sue :o)
I'll get some pictures up as soon as I get them loaded onto my computer. The other day was the first time I had picked my camera up in weeks! I just needed a break! Things were going way too fast for me, and I didn't feel I was ready for where it was taking me. People were asking me left and right to do family pictures, baby pictures, birthday pictures - and while I love that they love my photos, *I'M* not where I want to be yet, and I don't want to give anything to anyone that I'm not happy with myself.
Maj. Ron Illana
"We have launched an internal investigation into the editorial process surrounding this particular story," a Today spokesman told The Hollywood Reporter.
What's funnier than a pie in the sky? A pie in the face!
“I now live in a gorgeous three-bedroom semi-detached house with a massive garden and its own beach.”
At a time of extreme racial tensions and as one of the few black plebes, Graves was the object of many hazing, harassments, and racial slurs inside the ranks. His experiences during this time later were featured in several books and articles authored by official U.S. Navy historian Robert Schneller.
"I want it to have a big hairy spider on it." he responded.
Brands seem to be adhering to the "next big thing” concept with their ads; so much so as I want to label these kind of spots as “pop commercials.” These are the commercials that have been pumped out with the main purpose being to generate a shock value or to be the Diddy of advertising. Companies want their spots to be the talk of the town for a day, a week, or a month…Cough Rebecca Black Cough. But sometimes that doesn’t happen because they lack depth. Commercials that have some depth to them will be the ones you will always remember, the ones you save on your YouTube account or the ones you and all your friends talk about.
The background of the flower is the center of a paper doily that I cut out.. i thought it match the Martha Stewart Doily Lace Border Punch .. The pearls are basic grey.. I coloured the Sunflower Tilda with Copics (sketch and ciao)..
- Golden chain handle
So the Torah shows us the Jewish People’s heritage, the retelling of its history, guidelines for the People and the universal messages of monotheism and social conduct, which the Western society have embraced.
or rude to a foreigner.
Birth Matters is a profoundly encouraging book arguing a way forward for reconciling our modern lives with the act of birth. At its core, Birth Matters recognises that birthing is a feminist issue. In interviewing Ina May Gaskin I asked her all the difficult questions that had been bubbling around in my head since my own birth experiences and I am delighted to say that she was very generous, and not unexpectedly, quite fearless in taking my questions on…
Main was Slow-Cooked Pork Belly, apple-lime puree, spicy kimchi, salad of pickled vegetables.
This past weekend was amazing. I knew as soon as my dad told me that him and Mom were going to a classic car show in Myrtle Beach that I wanted to go. The only problem was Alex had to work that weekend and I didn't want to go by myself. Insert Jill. I knew she would go with me and went she did. We left right after school Friday afternoon and we were on our way by 3:30. We arrived in MB at the hotel where my parents were staying (we didn't stay on the beach) around 7:45. We unloaded the cars and met with my parents in their room. My parents had already eaten but they decided to ride along with Jill and me to grab a bite. After dinner it was an early bedtime since morning would come too soon.
6 Tbl of garlic olive oil
Steals me from your essence to my bitter end
Cat. #: ce.dvd_0002
I feel the frustration within me rise.
He sees you pick your nose, scold your kids, kiss your husband, cut in line, smell your pits, hug your friend, ...
Adversity brings out the true character of the individual and this squad has shown that the trait most regularly deemed to be missing, is in fact there in abundance: mental strength. They could quite easily have capitulated in January. Three defeats and a draw was an exceptionally poor return, the only hope coming from the FA Cup. Yet they continued to play their ‘game’ and reward has come.
What does that translate into sales?
Even Daniel realizes what a catch she would make for his father, and after a really, really amazing carriage ride back from a party (I’m surprised the cushions didn’t burst into flame), Ainsley agrees to think about going away to Paris with Cam to have an affair. When she shows up, almost missing the train, Cam realizes that he can’t ruin the woman with whom he is half in love already, so he bullies her into marrying him in London before they head off to the continent, Daniel in tow.
Like I said, this room remains unfinished and I have lots of ideas on changes. As usual, more time and money would catalyze the process! Oh well...hopefully both will come sooner rather than later and I can execute the following:
The man who has lived in this house for several years is the grandson of the farmer who built it, and it was passed down three generations to the degenerate who has let the thing go to hell. OK, to be fair, his mother wasn’t much better. When she owned the house, she would decorate the lawn for the seasons and then leave everything up all year—Christmas lights, a plywood cutout of Santa riding a rocket, a hay bale with pumpkins in various stages of decay, plastic Easter eggs hanging from the lower branches of the scraggly trees. Trick-or-treating kids would walk an arc around the place to avoid it on Halloween.
from couch to couch
Match 1: Jeff Hardy defeated Kurt Angle by countout
In other words, bullshit is what you call language that treats people in ways you do not approve of.
Kadow
I have been swamped since I got back from Seattle, so I'm sorry if it's taking me longer to answer e-mails than usual. We are also packing for a large show down in LA that will be happening July 3-6, Anime Expo, so I'm going to also be a bit preoccupied getting ready for that show for the next week, then it's packing for CHA and the Certification Classes in Milwaukee and Chicago. Summer is just sooo busy! Hopefully we'll see some of you this summer at one of our events.
In a large casserole pan, begin with a layer of sauce, followed by a layer of pasta, a layer of ricotta spread, a layer of sauce. REPEAT. Repeat until to the top of the pan or until you’ve utilized all of your supply. My family and I went a little overboard and had to make an extra bit in a bread pan.
When the howl splutters into a whimper, the dog is dragged and kicked into a kennel to die alongside three others. It is a slow and painful death, the result of a botched lethal injection by a canine-killing squad.
Feeling Fine and Bloggy at The Tousled Apostle. Want to do top 10s and/or book reviews on your blog? Jamie breaks down the good, the bad and the ugly right here for you. I always appreciate her writing and this is no exception.
I Thessalonians 5:16-18 (NLT)
Shortly after I completed my drawing of the newborn fawn entitled “A Peaceful Spot,” Mindy let me know that she wanted another baby animal picture to hang on our wall. You see, our little fawn was looking kind of lonely hanging on our living room wall all by herself, and we thought she could use a friend. Also, Mindy revealed that she had envisioned decorating our baby’s room with baby animal pictures one day when we decide to start a family. For any of our family members or friends reading this, no, Mindy is not pregnant, so don’t read into this discussion about baby room decorations as anything more than thoughts for the future. Anyway, we started talking about what little forest friend I would venture to draw next, and after a little conversation, we settled on a baby raccoon. I agree with Mindy that baby raccoons look all cute and cuddly even if the adults are none too cute and can cause all kinds of havoc, especially around unsecured, full garbage cans.
“Aliens!” Shouted Peter. “No, really, this is how they get reported…people hanging out drinking in the woods looking up at moving, flashing lights.”
I know people who always feel terrible after they give a talk, even if the talk was great (in my opinion). For some, the experience is such an anxious one, that is is difficult to enjoy the experience of giving a talk, even if the talk is interesting and presented well. I hope that for most people, this anxiety fades with time and experience giving talks.
Most common issues: Love, Debt, Money, Fame, Divorce, failure in study, Bankruptcy, break-up, pressures … for younger kids, even their parent not allow them to go out with friends or play video games and others.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the potatoes, bring back to a boil, and cook for 6 minutes. Drain and let cool slightly. While the potatoes cook, preheat a gas grill or prepare a fire in a charcoal grill.
optional: 1/2 cup additional sweet fruit (kiwi, mango or pear are my faves)
Accessories – Fancy Tags, Large Circle and Scallop Circle Nestabilities, Swiss Dots Embossing Folder, Fiskars Lace Border Punch, Gold Embossing Powder, Heat Gun, Gold Ribbon, Foam Tape, Kaisercraft Blush Pearls.
"Our waters are estimated to have as much as a quarter of Europe's potential offshore wind energy, and we are perfectly positioned to develop the technology that will power this renewables revolution.
but conversations got me feelin’ the same
Beating it down well ensures that the falis puff well.
here is the invite:
My first happened when I was plainly not ready to see Dr Who. It’s actually one of my first memories (other than falling asleep in front of Live Aid and waking up to see that now-famous video to the Cars song…)
The FlashTag collective is currently running a flash fiction writing competition as part of Chorlton Arts Festival: you have until midnight today (Friday 27 April) to enter! Full details here: http://flashmobmcr.wordpress.com/
Let’s me be simplistic
i do not need to explain more, like me likewise..
Until it suits you, one fine day,
New post: My exciting new job at Elsevier: Inaugural editor-in-chief of The Journal of Applied Publishing Experiments: http://bit.ly/HIZxHP
Corey Hart - same name as a Canadian singer, pity point +1 pt
Today, we’re having one of those days where we don’t venture too far from home – tidying up (why does our house always look so messy after the weekend?), doing washing and just taking each hour as it comes. Grace and I have just made a new batch of play dough which is keeping her busy so while she’s happy sculpting ‘frogs and lily pads’, I’m off to calm down Sophie who I can hear protesting from her cot and then to hopefully make a dent in my chores for today.
Progression is a big thing for me. I’ve had a couple of very helpful crits on my work and I’m moving forward with TSK at a good pace. Talentville has upped their side of the game and we can now post things to the group instead of trying to share everything in dropbox which wasn’t so easy.
Abdul Ghafar said the early part of the programme took place this month through university-level forums held in Kelantan.
On page sixty-nine, returning from his shift at the Tombs with every intention of quitting the following day, a little girl wearing a blood-drenched nightdress runs into his knees. And Tim, almost in spite of himself, makes a life-changing choice: he decides to take her into his own home.
So. Let's review:
Wolverines: Tom Brady, Chad Henne, Mario Manningham, Brandon Minor auto/RC, Brandon Graham auto/RC
There is a handy colour picture of the design on the cover sheet, along with the dimensions of the finished design. A separate sheet of detailed stitching instructions is also included. They are well laid out and easy to understand, making this kit suitable for any anyone from beginner upwards in my opinion.
iPhone apps to make you laugh
Red sleeveless floor-length prom dress, handmade by my grandmother. Roomy bust has hidden pouches for which to stuff tissue.
Michael J. Akers, 39 South St, Rockport, MA, age 21, arrested for noise
Journal and Courier
On Monday, The Times accompanied the young mother to the clinic to buy more formula and Sister Thandi told her that she could not sell it to her while “the other people were around”. She was told to “come tomorrow”.
Mattias and the crew had congregated on the quarter deck to devise a plan. In all honesty the situation looked bleak, much worse than Stacey could have guessed. They were out manned, and had been caught by surprise. Mattias had been in tight spots before, but even he couldn't see a way out of this one, and the crew could see it on his face. The other ship's men were already boarding, which meant that he couldn't place his men in any strategic way, they were on the quarter deck, and that's where they would make their stand. He also couldn't have them try to run, because there weren't enough men to fight who had boarded AND get the ship going.
Some of them seek to destroy you.
Something Borrowed
These are the questions I ask myself as I sit in the dark, or as I walk city streets at night. I long for the comfort of their over-stimulation on a more constant basis. Their cocoon is a more constant and whole Venus von Villendorf for my ceaselessly moving mind-state. The shine of her signage breasts. The curve of her Earthly hips made of concrete and curbs–a land of thresholds–doors awaiting my hand to turn them, or simply a thought. The walkers and their shadows–her dreadlocks and simultaneously–her children. Hers but not owned.
We really had a great Easter this year. First, the weather was incredible. Sunny, warm and dry. It was just a gift in itself and we were outside alot this weekend.
sweet and hypnotising. It's the ultimate evening scent with notes of sweet almond, vanilla and cinnamon. Think deep red roses and dark brown fur. ELLA Night is deliciously dramatic and seductive. (size 100 ml/3.4 oz)
I’ve never been an enormous Streep fan, but the more of her recent work I see, the more I respect her, and I’m hard-pressed to think of another American film actress who could bring the ambiguities of Sister Aloysius to life. I’m a shameless Hoffman fan, and both he and Adams deserve their Globe nominations (nothing against Viola Davis at all– her one scene is quite devastating, but it is just one scene, and I’m tired of award-granters handing out nominations for such minimal parts). I’m fairly certain that at least two of the three will show up in the Oscar nomination roll call as well. Unfortunately, the film itself is too stilted to really bring anything truly cinematic to the fore – it remains essentially a filmed play, lacking that extra spark to make it a great movie.
The minimum wage for workers under the age of 25 has been cut by 32 per cent.
Avocado Mayo (page 197)
Matt Simons and Chris Ayer (730-8)
When I won UK Beer Writer of the Year in 2009, it was a particular honour because it was the first year when the award was named after Jackson. And it was even more of an honour some months later when, as the winner of that award, I was invited to guest-edit this collection of pieces about Michael and his immense contribution to beer appreciation and beer writing.
Q: Please tell us what your new book is about and what inspired you to write it.
Our other stockist will be listed soon.
“Why am I strapped to the bed?!” I asked one of the nurses.
This kind of racist/chattel slavery has been explicitly condemned by the Church since it was first practiced in the middle of the 15th century. A series of Papal bulls forbade the expropriation and enslavement of indigenous peoples, and threatened with excommunication those who participated in them. Everyone from individuals to entire nations felt at liberty to defy these Papal pronouncements, but they were made. Had such things been clearly and universally sanctioned by Scripture, the Church would likely not have excommunicated those who innocently partook in them. But there was clearly something about chattel slavery that was in clear opposition not only with Scripture but with Tradition, with the natural law, and with common decency, hence the Church’s firm and repeated condemnation of it.
Come on Britain. Wake up or die in your sleep. Soon Birmingham will be like parts of France, which are no go areas for the police or whites.
4807 Northeast Fremont Street
Among the hills, when you sit in the cool shade of the white poplars, sharing the peace and serenity of distant fields and meadows - then let your heart say in silence, 'God rests in reason.'
Near the pools, you can see the new Freedom Tower rising up into the sky.
I have been researching tons of ways to
MC Nolz
According to one estimate, the size of an electron is : 2.82 x 10-13 cm and It’s mass is about 9.10938215(45)×10−31 kg See : http://www.dimensionsguide.com/what-is-the-size-of-an-electron/
1 curiosity
1 and 1/2 months ago I had an experience in Eucharistic Adoration which enlightened me that my discernment is no longer discerning God’s will, but discerning what tools He has equipped me with. I have one of two tools. I either have a very broad love that is able to encompass the community and the Church, or a love that is very narrow in scope and directed to one other person. This has been the theme of my discernment over the past month. I really thought though that I was called to seminary either way. However the issue now is that I seem to be finding more and more that as I embrace a more narrow idea of love that is rooted in a holy relationship, my past sores and scars begin to feel as if they are being healed over. I find myself more capable of complete forgiveness of self and others.
Who can blog all types of insanity,
Artifacts from saloons included bottles, bungs, white and red clay pipes, dice, animal bones, oyster shells, buttons, bullets, coins and even a tooth powder box. A water filter made in London and a glazed earthenware spittoon were represented by photos. There was also a case devoted to the Chinese population of Virginia City, (Sarah Heffner's special subject), including Chinese coins, pottery, tiny medicine bottles, a bone toothbrush and an opium pipe. It was a delightful half hour travelling back in the past. If you have any interest in the archaeology of the Wild West – or Virginia City – and find yourself on the Reno campus, I urge you to go along to the University of Nevada, Reno Anthropology Research Museum. Just tell them Caroline Lawrence sent you!
In my office,otherwise known as the sitting room in the cottage,I have a large black leather couch and two reclining chairs.I have had them for a long time and they have become saggy and one of the recliners is broken,the couch has always been uncomfortable and we were thinking of replacing them.
Which is why there will be no more turning of blind eyes from me, or resigned shrugs. We need someone speaking for all of London, not just the Balkanised segments whose votes he craves. We’ve held our noses before, but not this time. I’ve seen Ken being Ken up close; it’s why I’m voting for Boris Johnson.'That's Dan Hodges a former Ken Livingstone team member writing in The Telegraph.
steadily fumbling through the extraneous
He pulled away as she grabbed for his lead rope, snorted and reared up over the top of her----she yelled and ducked as I yelled "Aye, that's enough"---he shook his head, snorted and walked up to me---I turned to she that Jenny was OK----she was standing there smiling---her father was with her---she said "He is a different horse--happy, fit but different"
(I do this with movies sometimes, going in with absolutely no information except for the title. One of the first times was with the Irish movie "The Snapper," an adaptation of Roddy Doyle's novel about an unexpected baby. The title was obscure but vaguely misleading; the movie was delightful. Thereafter I attempted to repeat it as often as possible. Not so easy with beer, but still I try.)
The West Bank has been reduced to a series of discontinuous Bantustans separated by Israeli settlements, as I forecast would happen, and the new “Security Fence” breaks up these communities even more. In Gaza, the Palestinians have shown themselves incapable of undertaking even the most basic functions of a state in maintaining order, even allowing for the actions of the Israeli state in creating conditions which made that more difficult. But, the Israeli state has been able to justify those incursions, because of continued terrorist attacks, on Israel, by those elements, within Palestine, that would never accept the existence of Israel, whatever arrangements were made for Palestinians, again as I said was obvious would happen 20 years ago.
After my set, Rayanne and I got our dates out of there as fast as we could. We headed to a last bar for the final nightcap of the evening. Rayanne and Miguel chatted. I headed outside with Carlos because he wanted another cig. Another hour or so passed and the sangria flowed. At the end of the night, Rayanne and Miguel exchanged numbers. Carlos offered to accompany me in a cab back to my place. I had had a few and was becoming blinded by the items on the Dollar Menu, so I said yes.
I fly home today to be with my family for the holidays and I can't wait. I would like to wish everyone a very merry Christmas and a wonderful New Year!
Carl DiFranco, 27, New York, N.Y.
Posted By: Rayelan
Light therapy, or phototherapy, is the administration of doses of bright light in order to treat a variety of sleep and mood disorders. It is most commonly used to re-regulate the body’s internal clock and/or relieve depression.
From: John Deitering, Annandale
Offspring of water and fire
Scallops will never be my thing, no matter how fresh they are, how well they’ve been prepared, and how many times I try them. Figs, radishes, mayonnaise – still disgusting, as well. (Which, did I mention I hate mayonnaise? I did? Oh, good.) Sometimes, a certain food just won’t do it for you. And it’s okay. Just move on to the next one.
G’Vine Nouaison – 43.9%
7. Place more Matzah on top of the cheese, spinach and sauce layer. Repeat layering process until the casserole dish is full. Finish by placing more sauce on top layer, and sprinkling with Parmesan cheese.
“Not very likely,” his wife said.
This process does not lead to a good night's sleep, either for the sniffer or for her bedmate.
In the winter, tv is on more because my husband is laid off for the winter and he likes to watch it. But, I have noticed that it consumes a lot of our day and we don't do or get done the things we would like to. In the summer, the tv only comes on at night.
I attended another recital at 4:30, this one for a fellow horn player, and I even stuck around afterwards and practiced on my horn for about an hour! I was proud of myself. From the music building, I contacted my friend Lexi. Recall that I first met Lexi on Twitter back in May or so of last year and officially met her last fall when I visited her church, which I now attend. Through me, Aaron started following Lexi on Twitter, and they got to the point where they tweeted each other quite a bit. So I arranged for the two of them to officially meet. Lexi and I went and ate at Chipotle while Aaron ate dinner with his family, and then Lexi and I picked Aaron up. The three of us went to Bahama Buck’s and talked for a while before driving back to the Tech campus and watching a movie in the room (Rise of the Planet of the Apes, which neither of them had seen before). It was a nice little get-together, and Andrew even got to meet Lexi for the first time; he had been working at Relay for Life with his fraternity, but he made a quick visit to the room when he learned that Aaron was here. Such a good evening!
If possible, have the list owner write the emails and endorsements. If they’d prefer, you can write those emails in their names and just have them edit it until they feel comfortable putting their name on it.
Katie has some great ideas as well. I will attempt to make and hang pictures for our own Stations of the Cross around the house.
Many others have commented more fully on the show, on what happened, and what impact it is likely to have on the future on the BritNat party. An impact which I personally believe will be positive. Polls are already showing that a growing number of people, more than one in five, would now consider voting BNP. We can only speculate as to what the number would be had Griffin been given the fair hearing which he was democratically entitled to, and which the BBC's charter required them to give him.
Dear Stomach, you need an intervention! Gluttony is not flattering on you...or me. I can't keep watching you destroy yourself with cookies and cream ice cream. It's depressing. You need to get yourself under control. My bikini is counting on you!
Mad men still knows how to play the subtleties, and play with our emotions in a clever way. Fine opener, to one of the best shows on tv
In Jamie’s view and the view of the Historical Society of Glen Lyon:
So, what does one do to celebrate a Star Wars holiday? First of all, wear your favorite Star Wars t-shirt. If you've ever considered wearing a Jedi robe to work, this is the day to do it. Then send one of these very cool May the 4th e-cards to friends. After you do that, the most obvious answer is to have a marathon. Make Star Wars cookies, have friends over, have some toy lightsaber duels - you know, just another Friday night. Don't forget to make this Severed Wampa Arm cake!
Despite being 600 pages long, it is not bloated and there always seems to be something happening. The characters are richly illustrated and you can really get an insight into the harsh world that the Clan lives in. Auel takes pride in explain the surroudings and the Ice Age world that Ayla inhabits. There is so much to absorb here that you forgive the times when very little happens. The conflict itself drives the plot effortlessly and for this Auel should be commended.
What is the basis of our hope and confidence in God? John the Evangelist tells us that “God so loved the world that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life” (John 3:16). Jesus’ death on the cross won for us our salvation and adoption as the children of God. The love and mercy of Jesus Christ, the forgiveness of sins, and the gift of the Holy Spirit are freely given to those who acknowledge Jesus as their Lord and Savior. Is your hope securely placed in Christ and his victory on the cross?
A warm palm on the skin of this earth,
Trinidad is one of those God forsaken small towns that seem to revolve around gossip, alcohol and high school athletics. I began my life in town as a 7th grader, still seething with disparity and hatred. As the new kid, I had no choice but to be bullied and sought refuge with my kindred, primarily Jimmy, another 7th grader who would become a lifelong friend. By the time we had made it to high school and I had made friends out of my tormentors, I had entered into a phase of delinquency and drug use in which I would swallow any pill on the table and turn coat on practically anyone if there was anything in it for me, especially a female.
- When faced with new information that contradicts the established Authoritative Source, close your eyes, plug your ears, recite the facts you know, and wait for the new information to go away.
From December 2011 to January 2012, we added 284,000 non-farm payroll employees, had 1.177 million drop out of the labor force and the unemployment rate dropped from 8.5% to 8.3%. From January 2012 to February 2012, we added 227,000 non-farm payroll employees, had 310,000 fewer people drop out of the labor force and the unemployment rate stayed the same. Hmmm. We created 57,000 less new non-farm payroll employees than the month before. We had a swing in the “not in labor force” category of 1.487 million people. Yet the rate was unchanged. Confusing?
“That cranberry pistachio bar, is that made with GF oats?”
Those Who Have Risen (Master CD)
The city issued no complaint, rather adjusting, shrugging somehow without movement. It seemed to almost enjoy the more demure gray suit slowly turning to charcoal, confident in not losing to black. Its own glow now brought intrigue, contrast and highlights hitherto unseen in the lights of day. It was just more comfortable with it. This city radiated pride and excitement at night; indeed finding its clarity and resonance as the sun slipped round the world.
124 4. “Who Will Educate the Educators? On the Proposed Closing of the Downtown Center of the University of Chicago.” University of Chicago Maroon, January 29, 1974, p. 5. (Source: Item D-I/18(A)/1974, below.)
There’s an unknown number of such evidence kits across the country — all with the key to solving other cold cases — that sit untested, as in the Russell case, said Scott Berkowitz, president of the Rape, Abuse and Incest National Network.
Pray for the manifestation of healing, signs, wonders, and miracles for God‘s glory: “My speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of man’s wisdom, but in demonstration of the Spirit and of power” (I Corinthians 2:4)
And the faith that I find;
The Mexican army said on Dec. 4 that it had seized a total of at least 167 antennas, 155 repeaters, 166 power sources, 71 pieces of computer equipment and 1,446 radios. The equipment has been taken down in several cities in the Gulf coast state of Veracruz and the northern states of Nuevo Leon, Coahuila, San Luis Potosi and Tamaulipas.
Another said he could not believe it when his 90 year old mother told him about the "tambourine alarm"
These are both easily answered. First, the color number B24 tells me a few things right away:
I’m sure that’s going to make Israel feel so much more secure and ready to hand over valuable land to its Palestinian enemies. Not.
KNIT ON!!!
Share a quote from the book.
And boy, am I glad I did. Shingeki no Kyojin has now become the shounen manga I swear by, the shounen manga I console myself with when I’m annoyed with Bleach and when I’ve all but given up with Naruto. But more than that, it’s the manga I point to as the epitome of Japanese storytelling…apart from Kare Kano. Hehe.
RULE NUMBER THREE. Refer to Rule number One.
Sometimes I show the children a picture of an unusual house and ask them who lives there, then we make up a story about that character. The children come up with lots of weird and wonderful answers but I’ve noticed that the favourites are aliens, zombies and princesses that have been kidnapped by a wicked witch. The scarier the story the more the children love it. They have a great sense of fair play though and the baddies are always killed in the end and the princess always either outwits the witch and escapes or occasionally a prince drops by and kills the witch for her.
Peppermint Chocolate Pudding
And today's question?--What would you contribute to a post-apocalyptic world???
The heartbreak theme came to me when I was contemplating the ones that got away, and the fact that I both allowed and condoned such a turn of events. Being me is an odd proposition.
* Other christmas motif ideas... Father Christmas, a christmas pudding, a reindeer, a gingerbread house or gingerbread man...
A god, when it appears
the only problem that I had was where to join the last round to the inner sections.
It works the same way in our life. We end up paying too high a price because of lifestyle drainers that steal energy from our lives. Living well requires that a leader periodically evaluates his connections. I have identified at least nine lifestyle energy drainers in my own life.
The sale price: €99.9m in cash. Equates to €476 psf. It is understood that part of these proceeds will be handed over to CIE, the original owner of the site.
Is it just me, or does economy class on a "movie airplane" seem a lot more spacious?
In my yard, I want zillions of bird feeders and iridescent glass marbles on twisted stems and miniature animals and birds and a wheelbarrow full of flowers that will change according to the seasons- and most of all, silly cliché metal signs of frogs with fishing poles and overalls who croak “Welcome to My Pad.”
Sometimes you do, and sometimes you don’t. And that’s okay most of the time.
1. Bought a new car. Good times.
Moreover, there are many reasons why spot gold rebounded back towards the $1650 level within hours of the otherwise disappointing Fed statements on April 25 and headed higher the next day.
What is that thing? Obviously we humans have a rich metaphorical relationship to it… but it is something that I’m not really closely in touch with.
Everyone knows the economy is lousy, and has been for the last several years. But our liberal friends ask us what, exactly, the Republicans will do to make it better. The answer is complex, of course, and includes several long-term issues. But I always say that there are two obvious areas of low-hanging fruit: energy policy and regulation. A new administration could give our economy a quick and substantial boost by encouraging, rather than blocking, the development of America’s vast energy resources, and by stopping the promulgation of endless regulations that burden business and, by imposing needless costs, make us all poorer. The Obama administration has been destroying wealth through irrational regulation at an unprecedented, and accelerating rate, as depicted in these charts from an earlier post:
Last year, roadblocks were mounted even before the rally started. Police said the move was to prevent weapons from being smuggled into the city (which appeared to have been justified when explosives and knives were found leading up to the Bersih 2.0 rally.
Our egg retrieval is complete, and it went really good!
Carrie Fundingsland – It’s funny that you ask. Just last night I was running through my head all the things that I miss doing - hobbies I did before running my own business and raising a family. I am really interested in fashion design, nothing to mass market, just unique pieces I can wear myself. I also miss painting. I’ve barely picked up a brush since I left art school. I’d love to find the time to take some fine arts classes, perhaps in oils or charcoal.
I know that’s a sore point with Eili, and I do feel guilty about it. One of these days, though, gods willing... anyway, what advice would I give? Don’t be scared to speak your mind to people you trust. Listen to the counsel of your friends and your lovers. And never turn your back on a smiling Lammyr.
I want to get 3 or 4 more patio chairs so participants can sit down while here.
My friend Bart likes to tell a story about the birth of his third child and first son, Drew. After meeting Drew for the first time, Bart’s father-in-law approached him, stuck out his hand and said, “Good work.” Bart responded, “Thanks, sure was fun trying.”
Label: Cabin Fever
This is the 200th birthday of England's greatest storyteller, so how does the state broadcasting corporation celebrate this anniversary? With a desecration of Great Expectations so unholy that South Park's own version was more faithful to the spirit of the original.
it only makes sense to incorporate it in our daily lessons. It is a
Let’s begin with a little back story. Last year, I found myself in a bit of hot water on Twitter when I said the thing that, as a classic movie fan, you’re not really supposed to say: I do not particularly like Citizen Kane.
I read it in one long gulp - just over two hours - unable to stop. Yes, Lindy's situation is terrible and getting worse by the minute, since cousin Colin now has her delivering packets of cocaine. Her parents seem quite catatonic since the death of the baby and Lindy doesn't have proper food or clothes. She feels desperately trapped and doomed to follow her brothers into custody.
In the Philippines, we have this… idea of Associationism. We are a people who are so fond of grasping at similarities and connections between ourselves and those who possess greater stature in a last ditch attempt to give our lives that shine others seem to have. It makes me think that maybe, even as a society, we have come to doubt the greatness in ourselves. We look back at the history of our great nation, we consider that maybe, it’s a product of all those who sought to make our land their own, and in this way, we had developed what we all refer to as the “colonial mentality”. But it seems to go beyond just feeling inferior to the races of a “higher caliber” (so we come to believe); or maybe, in a way, it doesnt.
A quick glance at my inbox reveals what I had a hunch might be there, a short comment by Carl Johan Calleman on the Egyptian phenomenon, saying that while this was not part of the surge in spiritual consciousness the Mayans were predicting, it is the first seeding of this surge, and amazing in itself. The real stuff, he continues, is going to be felt beginning on March 8, 2011, as a wave that builds in steps until it flashes complete and lasts through the Mayan calendar’s best known end date of December 21, and beyond.
i do believe i've fallen in love with a goat. several goats, actually. how could you not fall in love with this grin?
#9. Angelo Taylor – “Been there, done that!”
I'm not going to buy thing because I might be able to make something from it because I never do. I'm not going to buy another tea set just because I like the idea of one day have a tea shop. I'm not going to buy another plate because I like it so much I want to lick it. I'm not going to buy another posy because they are my new craze.
People need to stop forming angry mobs that go around assaulting people and trashing property. We are supposed to be a civilized nation. The actions of people congregating into vicious mobs and hurting people and destroying property does nothing to help anyone’s cause. We live in the best country on Earth. So, why are we acting like insanely violent, out of control, rampaging savages? Those seeking equality and justice are never going to get it acting like a bunch of uncivilized savages hell-bent on destruction. That is not how a civilized race should behave. Get a grip!
I bet you didn’t know under that live oak
With polls showing a large majority of Americans weary with the war, the president’s aides have discussed whether to accelerate current plans, which call for withdrawing 23,000 troops by September. In Chicago, the United States and NATO allies will ratify a shift in the mission in 2013 from a combat role to one focused on counterterrorism and training of Afghan security forces.
I'm not sure how clear you can see it but I did paint the edges with white and then added some glitter and propped up Tilda into this cute frame.
This includes me. Don't accept what I say here because I have a small publishing company or because I state my opinions rather strongly. Check it out. If what I say doesn't make sense to you or your don't agree with me, then don't take my opinion on as one of your own. Because I could be wrong or I might not have been clear trying to express my thoughts.
Mr. Yarnworks returned to the war and I dutifully went to PT 3x a week for 6 weeks. While I enjoyed the massages, they really didn't help the headache. Exploring my options, I also visited an eye doctor for the first time in....well, in my adult life. I'd felt that my vision was getting worse, but had avoided the eye doctor, so with the headache, it was time to go. Verdict? 20/20 vision....but it COULD be corrected to 20/15 if I wanted. So I got glasses. They greatly help with road signs and such, but didn't help with the headaches. So at least I ruled that out. The eye doctor was also a bit concerned about my field-of-vision test, which showed a blip on each eye where I couldn't see. The same spot on each eye, just mirror image. To her, that screamed of a pituitary gland issue.
Today my little sisters turned 12.
That’s wrong! Get serious with your life today and make the right changes for
Row 20- ch1, fpsc around ch2, (bpdc around dc, fpdc around dc) around, join to sc.
Immerse the senses in an overdose of summer-time triggers; of colours and fragrances and flavours and birdsongs and sensations.
there are some things that are nice about it.
The coffee soap include the following ingredients! Coconut Oil, Palm Oil, Olive Oil, Coffee Butter, Sodium Hydroxide, Cappuccino Mica, Copper Sparkle Mica, Titanium Dioxide and Ground Coffee!
And as a bonus challenge - use some kind of embossing (dry, heat, etc). We know not everyone has the tools for embossing, so don't want to prevent people from playing, but it might be a fun one to add if you have the tools/product!
But this cold and cruel place holds me down.
**1976…Hmm. Sums up our lives today pretty well?!? The fun starts at 1:35…**
spiders’ webs heavy with dew
About Lafig Belgium S.A.:
If you want to be famous then run for office and be a politician
We Have Authority to Stand Against Satan
However, she does arrive at some of the same conclusions as other scholars. The virgin birth in Bethlehem and the crucifixion are more myth than fact. It is interesting that the Dead Sea Scrolls provide the same sort of evidence of the life of Jesus as do the Nag Hammadi Gospels. The Dead Sea Scrolls appear to be part one and the Gnostic Gospels of Nag Hammadi appear to be part two of the same story! Alone these non-canonical texts are puzzling, but as a part of a trinity with the canonical Bible they create a tapestry of truth.
4) Taking things out doesn’t hurt so much
It made me feel a little depressed the more I think about it. Why in the world is my FSH so abnormally high? My mother went through menopause in her late 40s early 50s! No answers really. I read somewhere that female carriers of the fragile X gene can have this issue. How could I carry fragile X when NO ONE in my family has ever had a child with this problem, and I don’t think this is typically an asymptomatic gene. I guess I just have to chalk up the FSH level to crappy luck.
So Mr. Martin? Just in case you're out there somewhere...Thanks. Thanks for always believing in me, even when I didn't. Thanks for helping me find myself when I was lost. Thanks for giving me a second chance. And thanks for helping me discover where I belong.
Does Pop Rap amount to nothing more than a culture of D.I.Y. Drug distribution, where "Knowledge of Self " becomes a "Self first" attitude? Where Mc's become Gun-slingers and the Almighty Dollar is God, a Hip-Hop Men only jail bait club, perpetual sinners, Hypocrites drapped in Diamond encrusted Platinum Crosses and "Jesus Pieces".
from the Left?
- Built-in Airflex Valve
While catching my breath between laps, I noticed a very overweight middle-aged guy on hands and knees, crawling across the concrete surrounding the pool. Determined not to stare, I swam another lap. As I got back, I noticed he was reaching up and opening a certain door, through which he disappeared.
Ephesians 2:14-22
Once they were on the outing, I couldn’t help but see Freda and Brenda as younger variations on the characters Beverly and Angela from Mike Leigh’s 1977 classic play Abigail’s Party, at which Beverly hosts a dinner party for her new neighbours and it goes deadly wrong. Leigh’s play, and the TV staging of it, of course came after this book was written, but I saw it back then when I was 17 and it has stayed with me ever since. It was a kitchen-sink drama relocated to the posher lounge; a comedy that you had to increasingly grit your teeth to get through, as the awfulness of what was happening revealed itself, but you couldn’t help laugh/grimace at. There is much of this grit your teeth comedy in later stages of The Bottle Factory Outing too, and Bainbridge’s true genius is in how she resolves everything and makes us, the reader, complicit in what happens.
But first, here is the sketch,
When I was in seminary, one of my greatest concerns was that most of my fellow seminarians were so focused on Christ’s divinity that they forgot about Jesus’ humanity. While his being the son of God is important for the salvation story, so is his humanity. In order to bridge the schism, he had to be both. By showing us that he could live at the intersection of human and divine, he was able to point the way for us to find it as well.
Overseas Restaurant
I can't wait to clear off a shelf and display my new finds. Who can resist all those little divided cubby holes.
Organ Magic
Ironically the man that should be his chief rival, Dayron Robles, has somewhat mirrored his accomplishments of late. In '07 Robles broke through to the sub13 ranks with a sterling 12.92 - equaling Liu's '07 world leader. In the Olympic season with Liu on the shelf injured, Robles broke Liu's WR by .01 with his 12.87. He followed up by going to Beijing and won gold in 12.93 - Liu won his in 12.91! Finally, this year, while Liu was rehabbing, Robles suffered through injuries of his own - leading to a World Championships final without either athlete on the track.
Mrs.Clinton could use Obama’s lack of experience against him, she could use his character and even his smoking but never under any circumstances could she use his race. To do so would end her career.
So it’s not surprise, when I bought this that it was of the last copies!
SUI occurs when intra-abdominal pressure increases and the urethral sphincter opens inappropriately. During pregnancy, the fetus puts pressure on the bladder and the sphincter may relax and leak.
But perfection doesn’t happen every time. Sometimes there’s something missing and you don’t know what it is. Sometimes it takes two or three (or five) times until you get it right. And if everything I made was a godsend to the tongue, I think I’d get rather bored.
How does a PCV in Kolky, Ukraine live?
Mr Breitbart died suddenly on March 2, just before he was slated to release ‘damning’ footage of President Obama.
17. Sorry Doesn't Help (Years of Refusal)
Do you know what it's like to have your fan blowing hot air at you?
so soft
Rob Higgins (Dearly Beloved)
The affidavit referred to the financial effect poaching had on the game industry, requiring the employment of guards and extra security measures.
Apples really don't fall far from the tree :)
those who have made a covenant with me
Onions ............ 1 big (chopped finely)
*offer valid till end of june
This night was mine.The night of my engagement.Once i got down into the lawn where the marquee was,i texted Aham.
like her mama so many times before her, she's been wrong.........
Cartridge cases are generally marked on their case heads, with the manufacturer of the case, and the chambering the case is designed for. This is called the "headstamp".
“We told him not to do that anymore,” he sighs, “but he’s a loose cannon.”
A book is only as interesting as its bad guy. After all, how else can the hero be measured? There’re just so many cats Superman can save out of a tree before we need Lex Luthor ready to nuke the West Coast.
Prof. Hercules Booysen is an eminent South African legal consultant.
He said: ‘We have got a long way to go yet. We have to achieve full equality which is the removal of barriers to full participation of what I call accidents of birth. We haven’t removed these in society and we certainly haven’t removed them in the Church yet.’
One lovely soul took the bummer lamb I was raising. The bummer lamb who wasn't weaned. The bummer lamb who thought he was either a chicken or a person, and so would break out of the pasture to hang out with the chickens or on her front porch. I was so happy to not have to worry about Lambchop, and didn't want to have to prematurely "process" him. Lamb formula is expensive and we had already been through an entire bag. Thanks to her, our freezer is now full of the most amazing lamb you have ever experienced. This was all after mowing my lawn with a broken mower and bringing Jon dinner the night I was admitted to the hospital. She didn't ask what she could do...she just showed up. Thanks, Rickie.
T: I think there is so much possibility of perfecting each little detail in the studio, that the soul of the music can die if everything is over analyzed and microcosm’d. When music is recorded, live or in the studio, its kind of hard to explain but I feel that the soul of the music is being recorded and captured, and that hopefully it can be relayed to the listener. When people get goosebumps listening to music maybe that’s a small part of the soul of the recording speaking to them; when there is emotional attachment with the listener with a given recording. What is it about Joplin, or Hendrix, or Billie Holiday, or even further back Robert Johnson, that continues to move people? It is something that transcends time and space and just continues to hit home with the listener. Coming back to the perfection of the recording studio, many inexperienced producers and engineers don’t have the smarts to stop! They keep going for perfection, and there is no soul in perfection. What makes a good record is the ability to capture that elusive feeling that a band can make. The first take, the guide track vocal may not be perfect, but it could be more emotionally moving then the perfect final vocal. Always go back to where you started to make sure you’ve still got that thing that moved you when you first heard the song, the performance.
No doubt the gay community, like other minority communities, needs some amount of affirmation. But you have to wonder what affirmation must mean if it demands all of these bright smiles, winsome singing and inane lyrics. They're bad enough in straight musical comedy, where they can frequently be undermined as camp. But in a gay revue, what you get is a kind of cutesy, clean-cut camp - even in the S&M number.
"Is this a woman or a dog?"
Let’s talk: Choose one or more of the conversation starters below and leave a comment…
INTERIOR: REBEL GROWLER -- CORRIDOR
Aper Aku was the first
You belong here if … you regularly steal bagels, fruit or cereal out of Ludwig. (How else are you supposed to eat?)
This is my public announcement that I will no longer be chicken! I have broken ground and began building my story. This post also serves as a challenge. To all of you who have started and stopped, never began, or dreamed of writing a book: I challenge you to start. Not tomorrow, next week, or next year; TODAY!
Rory McIlroy shot 1 under 71 and Tiger Woods finished with a pair of bogeys to shoot even par-72. The bogey on 18 was actually a good save after his tee shot went into the trees and resulted in an unplayable lie.Woods opened its rattling around in his first tee shot from a tree and put the second in the creek well to the left of the second fairway. He recovered pars on both and felt pretty decent for the round, all things considered.
Happy nights
and, with today being thursday,
The appointment of Perez as Assistant Attorney General was praised by the black racist pressure group NAACP, who are clearly confident that he will do their bidding, however, they can be equally confident that this most radical of US administrations in history, do not have the shrinking white majority's interests at heart.
The next Nillumbik Open Studio will take place in the Shire on the weekend of May 5 & 6.
A few days later, Shi saw the spirit of Huida coming over to rebuke him saying, “I funded your visit to the capital. Instead of being grateful, you slandered me and had me killed. How could you treat me like that?” Huida jumped over and seized him. Shi died a few days later.
There’s no price I won’t pay
Despite this attention to detail, something of a dilemma can arise when you order a beer you are not familiar with. You go through the ritual of tapping and spliling the cask, you draw some off and are pleased it has cleared nicely and appears suitably lively in the glass. However, when you come to taste it, it's just not right. It's not off in so much that it's oxidised, sour or infected, it's just plain bad! The beer could be overtly bitter or cloyingly sweet. It could be too thin, unbalanced or just badly brewed. It might even be as the brewer intended and it's just down to personal preference that you don't like it. If you're a regular beer drinker though, with faith in your own judgement, you know deep down that for whatever reason something is not right with the beer and worryingly you could be left with 70 odd pints of beer that you will struggle to sell! As Mark says "When
Names and particulars of two academic referees
To view objects at night there are currently two available technologies, image enhancement and thermal infrared. Image enhancement collects input from the lower level of the infrared spectrum plus any other source of light, man made or natural, and then amplifies it. Scopes constructed to utilize this system are known as starlight scopes.
Update: The Sunday Times is a British newspaper. The item about Obama agitating for Israel’s return to the 1967 borders originated in the Times. Has this been reported in the US press? Recall, the first time we learned about George Hussein Onyango Obama, the president elect’s half-starving, half-brother, was from the British press. Is this the case with resepct to Obama’s direction with Israel? If the American press intends to abrogate its responsibility to report about this man, much as the same media neglected to report the truth about the invasion of Iraq—scouring the foreign news media will become a must.
Charles Dodgson
Tonight, I thought that maybe instead of focusing on the things we're
*Yes, they've perfected the art of begging from a prone position. Oh that look... I must be strong.
The tinkling started again singing on the whisper of another breeze. “Enough already. I’m awake. I don’t know why I ever bothered to hang them up.” Another lie and yet he spoke it as easily as the truth. He had learned long ago the worst lies were the ones he told himself. That realization didn’t stop him in moments like these. He had also learned that sometimes a casual lie could hide a truth’s hurt. He had hung them, very simply, because she asked. He had known it would make her happy and he remembered clearly that it had.
Clooney is launching an “anti-genocide paparazzi” service. Using commercial satellites in low-earth orbit, Clooney’s project will monitor the border between northern and southern Sudan for any signs of impending civil war, mass atrocities, or genocide. You know, the usual. Compared to what photos of a Miley Cyrus nipple slip will cost you, atrocity porn is downright cheap at $70,000 per shot.
James Weldon Johnson (1871-1938) wrote a poem in 1922 called, “The Creation”,
But did he, really? As it the trend with celebrities, the public has this inate impression that because somebody is under the scrutiny of the public eye, they have to maintain saint-like goodness every waking moment of the day and that any stumbling bad boy act they carry out is multiplied in severity to the nth degree. That’s not possible. Granted, Lennon has had his fair share of temper-shredding moments on the pitch, but that’s not to say that Rangers’ mangerial staff have been angelic either. At the end of the day, Lennon is an ordinary man with a wife and children. He just happens to manage a football team that has long-since-faded Catholic roots at its core.
I decided to redo the lids of my jewelry boxes so they sit on top of the box instead of sitting flush inside the box. This will allow me to use a different sort of hinge and work around the lame lid-won't-open problem I encountered last semester.
And this true worship creates in us a hunger to be satisfied in God alone, so that the fleeting pleasures of false worship become less and less desirable.
Lesotho nationals also continuously cross the border onto the Boer farms to cut down grass for their animals or graze their animals illegally on Free State land, both acts amounting to theft and the latter also posing a health risk to South African livestock and an economic risk to farmers and meat exporters.
The four teenagers saw her go down.
I didn't want to disappear without saying howdy, and also to let you know that I am typing this post on probably one of the most ancient laptops that still works. It's my dad's, and we actually have to preheat it, like a toaster oven, for about 10 minutes before we can use it. My mom says, "Sid, go preheat the computer so Julie can send an email to her friends!"
(Update: this is still a valid method for your website, but Blogger has now added the ability to your Page Elements page. At the top left corner of the Page Elements layout, click the edit button on the Favicon element, and upload your image...Viola! If you are using a customized template that doesn't have Page Elements, you may still need this method for your blog!)
If she did not live across the country, we would be real life friends for sure!!!
Brendan Gannon is a web developer and multimedia producer based in Boston. He writes YA/MG fiction and blogs at http://brendangannon.net. He thinks digital publishing and mobile apps are the bee's knees, but he's also very fond of paper.
(Jenny White) “After FPL installed the new meter at my dad’s house all his wires were burned as well and the house almost caught on fire. The problem is those new meter.”
All of these questions will be answered in due time. The results of these questions will culminate in the Sixers record at the end of this 66 game season. Here is a month-by-month look at the Sixers schedule to see where they could possibly finish this season.
“The IDF is ready for every battle and every mission,” he stated.
+ It holds curls despite the fact that it is not waterproof! I do have to use my lash curler beforehand to curl my lashes, but my curls troop on with this baby!
And of course, the youngin’ found her way into the water. I’m pretty sure Tyler almost took a dunk. She was not behaving on the leash AT ALL. There were tons of people out with their dogs and she was just overwhelmed. Lots of whining and half-woofs and scampering.
(well, doing so seems a bit of an overkill to me, don't know...),
Everly Brothers Wake up little Susie US
Is it only humans who eat during a solar eclipse? Or were animals eating elsewhere?
Phreak: Trinity Force.
Splitsing Wind en zeilen NL
I'm sore. Every cell in my body has been stressed this week. It's going to be weird to give it all a break. But I've earned it.
His goal is to make sense of that pile. Tibco’s mantra: the right information to the right people at the right time in the right context. “I have this idea that math now trumps science,” Ranadivé says. “The simplest example is the thermostat in your house. You don’t need to have a Ph.D. in weather. Your thermostat simply looks at the temperature, and if it gets cold, it turns the heater on. And then the minute the temperature gets too hot, it turns the heater off. You don’t need to be a weather scientist to do that, okay? Like what we did for Reliance Communications. It’s the same thing. You don’t really have to know the why of something. Or the how. You just know if a and b happen, then c will happen.”
Not really, but I do enjoy them.
So I used it to keep my bf's wart treating kit in, since they are not things that can stand on their own. There's a falcon tube (that's a lab tube for those not in the bizz, 15ml, with a pointy tip so it can't stand on its own) with apple-cider vinegar (home remedy to treat warts if you are interested, along with hydrogen peroxide), plastic transfer pipette (or dropper google translate tells me), medical tape, and not pictured, prescription acetic acid.
X-Men Legends 2 – Rise of Apocalypse (Multi)
Those attempts to defend against the allegations were only partially successful, since there is little doubt that Nunez-Tesheira’s reputation has been damaged by the entire episode.
Now I know you see the touch ups I need to do and have now done. What's up with getting older and your eyesight failing?
“We were mortified to learn that a team of people working on a Google project improperly used Mocality’s data and misrepresented our relationship with Mocality to encourage customers to create new websites. We’ve already unreservedly apologised to Mocality. ”
Friday was The Oldest's 11th Birthday, and in true fashion asked for a Happy Hour Play Date as a party. Earlier that day, I worked in the classroom and led Destination Imagination Instant Challenges after school. So we had 5 of his friends over, a couple of their siblings, and all of their moms. The kids played and ran around and had fun, and the moms sat around, visited and drank. The party started at 4:00, and ended past 10:00. I had too much to drink and slept like the dead...
Or put it to good use helping, for example, to provide care for soldiers who have lost limbs and been horribly maimed serving this country in Afghanistan and Iraq. Read more>>
My husband has always been my best and most complimentary taste tester..Since day 1.~
The following pictures show the wall in the background during these Federal League festivities. There's a lot of significance to this site and I'd like for the city to get around to placing a commemoration of sort in honor of Washington Park, of which there currently is none. What history that is being held- on to you can credit NYC Parks & Rec, and staff at The Old Stone House. It's inexcusable the city isn't doing more.
We see hope for Guy as he discusses with the padre that the supernatural is the real -- what we consider real is passing and transitory, in fact a mere shadow of this reality.
Can you read this?
Setting aside spending money doesn’t mean I’m never tempted to splurge or that I never go over my budget. But it accomplishes something invaluable: It lets me enjoy my purchases and experiences more fully, because I know that my pocket money isn’t “stealing” resources from other areas of my budget.
About how much we love her and how much she loves us.
753 ***D-X/14/1977. “Chicago Politics After Daley.” Department of History, The University of Illinois at Chicago, Chicago Historical Society, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 468-73 (1992).)
It takes a lot of courage and energy to live in Haiti, most of us live on so much stress. Thieves are everywhere, people are being attacked on broadlight day. Thieves have broken into my house twice (second time we had the time to call the police - although the police did nothing at all) after that it took me quite a while to get back to normal. Always stressed and jumpy, could not sleep, could not eat could not function properly and everytime things seems to get (less worst - not much better, the news of someone you know that has been gunned down while leaving the bank, or getting home late or have been kidnapped would drag me right back to the starting point. Therefore between so many bad news, the politician and the new president of Haiti we can't ask for worst and life is far from being pink.
When we get high enough I can unbuckle, right?
Born on Christmas eve: welcome to the world Jason Nicolas. It’s been a ride seeing you grow in your lively mother’s belly, and now you are here. It still baffles all of us.
Pace: 12 ; Parry: 4 ; Toughness: 6
Banner turns into the Hulk and destroys the lab, causing everything to get shut down by the government and Banner to be arrested the next morning. Betty’s father the military general (Sam Elliott) comes in and arrests Banner despite Betty’s pleas otherwise – he’s ONLY a danger to all mankind as long as he’s free, after all! Why do some parents have to be so inconsiderate?
11. Adagio – Allegro 8:52
I need curtains because those big blank white squares of mini blinds are killing me!!! But I just have not found any premade that I like and I don't sew....I know...I know...what kind of woman am I. I cook...really well in fact...but I don't sew and I no longer feel any shame in it...LOL
When you go to the White House, there is only one voice they give to the public. They prefer to work behind the scenes.
Day 2- a movie that helped you get through the hard times, or one that jumps out at you after your loss
I also have the concern of how would Maddux take this?
There is one question I want to ask you before we get to that, because that’s the conclusion of the discussion.
Now that Facebook is going public, it’s time for me to quit. Slavery is long over (in the U.S., at least), and I’m not ready to be sold for a mere one hundred and twenty-five dollars.
CENTRAL BANK OF NIGERIA(CBN)
My kids do not have that need, they have never had teaching, lessons, curriculum and tests.They are incredibly knowledgeable about various things. I could not have begun to teach them what they know. They have truly learned so much in their own way and time. It's their life and mind and nobody should control that but them.
I'm pulling up my sleeves, pulling out my bible, stretching every creative
Night two was after his birthday party and he had no nap! So I rocked him to sleep in Callie's room in no time and laid him down. He again woke up around midnight but this time I worked to get him back down in the bunk beds - he didn't throw much of a fit and went back down for the night in his bunk bed.
I used a bat cookie cutter as a stencil to make my felt bat. Once you have your felt bat cut out, all you need to do is hot glue it to your wooden dowel or clip on earring blank, whichever you prefer. I used a little bit of felt to cover the hot glue on the back of the bat, and to make it even more durable.
Are you the kind of person that would carry a friend to Jesus? What if there are obstacles, do you give up? What if a third party needs help bringing his friend to Jesus, are you willing to help?
However, we can demonstrate that Daud has profited out of every stage of the process that he has been driving as a politician!
The event is to be held at West Well Farm Barton Road Tingewick Buckinghamshire MK18 4BD
It was otherworldly and I chalk it up to one word: tiède. The pain au raisin that I received—and promptly demolished—was still a bit warm from the oven. This meant that the butter and pastry cream or whatever was baked into it made the dough soft and springy, sweet and savory, melty and just this side of rich. It put a spring in my step all day.
The plaintiffs are represented by South Brooklyn Legal Services and the Emery Celli Brinckerhoff & Abady, the two law firms that represented individual plaintiffs in the Atlantic Yards eminent domain suit and thus had professional contacts with Council Member James, whom the workers apparently first sought out.
Congratulations again, Cathy-Lynn, and thanks to everyone who visited our blogs during the Heartfelt Creations Design Team Alumni Blog Hop!
This ties into the previous point of the characters as types. The details of the types are almost of no consequence – if Vincent had gone to another country for three years, with a different set of funny, interesting associated dialogue, it would have no consequence for the character. The details are of no consequence for motivation with one exception – the boxer’s need for the gold watch.
The Earth is shifting; in fact, it is getting an entire new grid system. The tectonic plates are wobbling magnetically as well. So finding and staying in our centers is becoming more difficult. Some symptoms that are popping up for people that are extra sensitive to the Earth’s energies might be mild nausea, like morning sickness, a slight dull headache that won’t go away, and a sore spot in the heart chakra area. These are temporary situations.
(CIA World Factbook)
Six.
Are you a chef? A public speaker? If you’re a mystery writer, can you find 1000 true fans to pay a hundred dollars a year each to get an ongoing serial from you?
The moon will always continue moving from one
When designing our home, I dreamed of a little breakfast room with a window where we could enjoy our weekend mornings, lingering over the table with a cup of coffee and the paper or a magazine. The room would also double as a place for casual dinners and easy get-togethers with friends.
I'm still having way too much fun with Instagram, obviously.
One thing that I think is insane about this class is that in any given class, it is normal to do at least 800 repetitions within the hour. For me, that is mind-blowing!
Here is my card for the challenges:
Where I live now in the UK I have no need for any security in or
In her early twenties, Bessie moved to Chicago. Perhaps there she could "find a bigger life." In the city, Bessie heard many tales of World War I from returned veterans. She also heard there were woman airplane pilots in France. From then on, she was determined to become a pilot. But she soon found out that no one would teach a woman -- especially a woman with dark skin -- how to fly. To study in France was her only chance, and by working hard and saving her money, she managed at last to get there. Bessie Coleman became the first African-American to earn a pilot's license. She was somebody.
...and the Short:
After releasing four albums, the mainstream finally discovered Prince with this album. Not only was the song “Little Red Corvette” being played on pop radio stations, it was also being played on rock stations. When it came to black folks loving rock music, Prince was the guy to look up to. Also, the album marks the beginning of mainstream media calling Prince a rock star.
Riding a tricycle down a very tall, very steep hill. Actually, that part turned out ok. It's the part at the bottom that gets a little rough.
to operate outside the tariff and has determined that it is in the best
The final product is a CD, DVD, or MP3. None of those formats are analog. I like using old instruments and amps, but it will always end up digital in the end. If there is frequent data loss and errors. . . drink less or learn more.
Happy Mother's Day to all of you BEAUTIFUL women!
The Tuanku also hit out at Hindraf leaders for claiming that “ethnic cleansing” occurred in Malaysia, saying that it was an outrageous claim, which had damaged Malaysia’s image.
No, nothing has the power to part me from you; our love is based upon virtue, and will last as long as our lives.
In Iwate Prefecture, three small breweries have reported no damage, and are continuing operations as usual. However, Iwate Kura Beer has reported a ruptured fermentation tank, which will cause them to stop operations for about a month. However, there were no injuries to any personnel.
I cried & cried when I read it.
I’m not getting any sort of goodbye…thing. This is actually a bit irritating to me.
Pacific Gas And Electric Issues $600 Million Of 8.25% Senior Notes Due 2018 26
- Japanese surrendered in pairs, the first concealing the second, who had a grenade
After my work out I went to the little mall for a bit and saw something scary. A little girl got her shoe string caught in the escalator. She was about 7 years old and her shoe was untied and when she got to the end of the escalator, her string just went into one of the slats and she was stuck. She stood there, confused and inefectually yanking her leg like she was a bear in a bear trap, but her mom was really cool, just bent over and reversed it out, no fuss no muss. The little girl howled and hollered afterward and her mom was like "What is your deal? Jeez, calm down! That was no problem!" I thought the mom handled it well, all told. Norwegian moms are really laid back, I like the way they tend to handle their kids.
Don't worry there was more. "Cause there's a chance he dropped the knife that was used."
Mr Sheridan asked the witness if the solicitors for the NotW had been cooperative, DCS Williams replied he had “no reason to think otherwise”.
There are a total of 4 entries you may receive: Comment (1 entry), Follower (+1 entry), Facebook and/or Twitter (+ 1 entry), and personal blog/website mention (+1 entry). This is subject to change again in the future for future giveaways.
Exactly as before, the match staff were efficient, welcoming, and friendly and remembered us from our last shlep to the range in February.
Stormy Skies is my favourite - well it was to begin with, then most of the others tied for 1st equal! A gorgeous greyed pastel blue with fine glitter that glows green most of the time. Every now and then I see the glitter shining yellow & blue too! I think there might be some fine shimmer in SS as well. This was a 2 coater also & it applied beautifully; but it dries a gritty so top coat is a must to get it to shine. I love staring at the photos of SS!!!!!
“I know of your purpose here,” The centaur repeated, shaking his magnificent head so that his hair danced around him. “And I shall take you to where it grows.” He spoke no more, but broke into a canter and Alice found herself drifting heavily into a sleep despite her not being in the least bit tired. She could not keep her eyes open.
There were thousands of people protesting against them today in the center of Athens.
One of the other best bits of the weekend was meeting so many other suppliers, bloggers and wedding industry folk that I have spent so long chatting with over twitter and facebook ... finally getting to meet them in person was lovely!
*Thanks to Beth Spann, Kristin Plambeck, Christine Hoffman, MaryAnn Popovich, Darlene O'Donnell and Mary Hastings for making my student-teaching experience meaningful.
When we talked with Sameer he was too reluctant to narrate the incident. The main gate of the house was locked securely and had not been disturbed at all.
Form thoughts into sentences and type them out. Even if I’m repeating, “I don’t know what to write. I can’t think of a thing. I just feel anxious. AGAIN. Blah blah, that’s boring. I can’t write about that again. I should go to bed. But what if I can’t sleep? I might as well sit here. At least then I’m not panicking about not being able to fall asleep…” etc. Classic application of the adage, “Begin where you are.” Sitting at my kitchen table, unsold dozens of eggs from today’s market all around me, my stomach growls from too much adrenaline and too little food. (Yes, that’s literally where I am.)
And Brain, how dare you? Sleep and I try to get along. We’ve made up. I’ve taken Sleep out to dinner. To the movies. Bus rides. Sleep wanted to hang out so bad once upon a time that I called her up while I was changing the baby’s diaper.
West Sussex:
Lucas, don’t shave it. No matter what they tell you, you look like a fucking super-human mutant.
An affirmation is a declaration of something that's true; an affirmation prayer is a religious or metaphysical technique that focuses on a positive outcome instead of a negative one (thanks, Wikipedia!). While "prayer" is a term I shy away from, because I dislike anything that has religious connotations, I think of an affirmation as being a collection of positive thoughts that sees you through hard times, and I think it's important for everyone to have one.
I am the mother of two beautiful, adult kids who make me so incredibly proud with the choices they've made in their lives. Some of those choices might not have been what I would say were the best at the time they were made, but all turned out okay, and to this day they still blow me away with their awesomeness.
Yeah, maybe not. BUT - I have a plan for finding homes for all of these lovely ladies.
Father God, I love You so much today. Thank You for Your Word which is truth and water to my soul. Search me, know me and guide me in the way that I should go as I stay focused on You and planted in Your Word in Jesus name. Amen.
ending life that could have been
George Pal/Byron Haskin’s The War of the Worlds
The starter of Queen Scallops with Lemon & Garlic was simple and tasty, queen scallops are quite small, the oil spread on top was great especially after a kick of fresh lemon was added.
NAMA has already stated that the maximum amount it expects to recover as additional security is of the order of €500 million.”
Should have closed the windows, love
Reading Level: Young Adult
Anyone have any cute kid stories to share? Moments of laughter? How about humiliation? Today is share day, so speak up!
We started on King street (one of the main arteries of the city that is known for its fantastic shopping), putzing in and out of stores, shopping, exploring and wandering.
I am not sure I will ever do a regular manicure ever again. Even though they run you about $35, it is a much better investment to have a long lasting, chip free manicure. What do you all think? Do you love Shellac too?
Pushing aside the fact that the size of one's tits certainly do not maketh the woman, it is very hard not to become enraged at the horrible treatment this woman was subjected to - and hard not to admire her gall. For any non-American, such as myself, who has little knowledge of American history, Angelou's book is terribly educative.
As for me, well, so-so…I am ALIVE and I am BLESSED so I really shouldn’t complain. But since my surgery back in feb 2010, my body has not been the same…I have been back and forth to the doctors and surgeons trying to find out WHY I am continue to have gastro issues…I have had colonoscopies, blood work, scopes, etc and they still don’t’ know what is going on. I wonder if they injured something while they did the surgery…anyway, I just wanted it FIX cause it is LIFE ALTERING what I am going thru…my fibro is kicking my butt too, but again, with all the stress of the surgery and now with matthew seizures, my little body is going nuts! J
Please leave a link to your entry via the Linky Tools below and good luck! The challenge will close at 12 noon UK time on thursday 30th of December.
The morning was full of sighs and ennui, Internet time wasting, and some half-hearted soul searching. I listened to the rain, drummed my fingers on the table. I went off the rails a bit, not really sure of what to do next, what obstacles I should try to remove. It then hit me hard: it was now just over three months since I was let go from my job. Three. Months. And no prospects, yet, for a new one.
Next up is another stealth project. I can show you a sneak peak of it.....
Stephen Derbyshire
You will note that there is some wiggle room in these statements. It is “almost certain” that humans are responsible; nasty things will “probably” happen. That is because all science can ever be is the best guess of the best minds. Also, the climate is a complex system, meaning it can behave in ways that are opaque beyond our most sophisticated calculations. But, as I have often been told, those statements are as true as any scientific statements can be, and nobody — I repeat, nobody — has been able to refute this. In short, to deny any of these statements is to put yourself beyond the bounds of rational discourse.
Serving and former US Navy SEALs have slammed President Barack Obama for taking the credit for killing Osama bin Laden and accused him of using Special Forces operators as ‘ammunition’ for his re-election campaign. The SEALs spoke out to MailOnline after the Obama campaign released an ad entitled ‘One Chance’.
The story begins a little slow with the introduction of Margaret, a sort of lame biographer who works in her father's bookstore. Margaret's big break comes when she is contacted by Vida Winter, a super-star author who has always been enigmatic about her life. She decides to finally tell the truth about her history, and contracts Margaret to pen the story. They meet and Ms. Winter begins telling her tale.
Flower - Prima Marketing Inc.
"She's an impulse buyer. She sees a vase, a tea set, an embroidered pillow and simply has to have it. When she gets home, she feels guilty for splurging on something she didn't need, so she skips lunch for a week to pay herself back. Basically, she never eats lunch."
It helps you to understand why the Taliban and the ANSF both seem to want to kill American troops and the Afghan population might be very keen for ISAF to leave. This thoughtful and well-written piece by Neil Shea for “The American Scholar” discusses the issue of war crimes and atrocities and is based on the author’s time embedded in a US infantry platoon in the summer of last year. It reads like an updated screen play of Oliver Stone’s classic war film, “Platoon”. In fact it reads like an updated version of pretty much all the Vietnam war films I have ever seen. A couple of the most depressing moments to give you a flavour:
That young men, tossing on their beds,
Epilogue
While JB was discoing all around
Anyway, I’m in my busiest time of the year now, so I doubt I’ll do another public session anytime soon. But it turned out to be another great way to spend one day of a long weekend.
Looking at my life now, as a 25-year-old man, or better yet a twenty-something, I find myself struggling, as usual.
If you do not have a blog, you can upload to an online gallery using keyword BTCGJUNE or you can email Lora with a pic of your entry at lorascards@aol.com and your creation will be added to the challenge blog for everyone to see and I will enter you into the draw. This is only for people with no blog.
10. Prolapse - Flat Velocity Curve
Entering back into the workforce today I have only a few regrets about the holiday past, and the biggest one is that I didn’t score myself a leftovers plate! We went to an “orphans feast” of types for Thanksgiving and I have never, I mean NEVER seen that great a variety or mass of food outside of a chow hall. It was cruh-razy. (The photo above is table 1-of-4, by the way. And we didn’t even get to TWO whole turkeys.) Crazier, perhaps, were my favorite dishes of the day! So I’m going to share them with you along with similar-looking recipes. Because odds are good I’ll be making these myself very soon…
How does LOBG work?
Last Saturday I had the wonderful privilege of meeting with some local members of the SCBWI - most of whom I had never met before! Our city is in a situation like a lot of towns where the regional meetings are usually quite a ways away, while another region is actually closer.
And in our efforts to build a new earth,
The threats were welcomed by most commentators.
The thing is, it’s more likely that my kids will be brought home to me by some interfering, judgmental adult who will shake their finger at my Free Range attitude, than it is that my kids will be kidnapped or hurt by them or anybody else.
Their objective would be full employment.
might invade your space
Yes! They (the Muslims) used to be afraid: (1) of their sins and (2) from the disobedience of Allah (swt), more than they used to be afraid of their enemy or their enemy’s great number and mighty weapons, as we find ‘Umar bin AlKhattab (raa) saying: (in his letter to the Commander S’ad bin Abi Waqqas, when he sent him for the conquest of Persia):
Noon – 2 pmMEET GLEN CAMPBELL
Perhaps the story could have different plot and characters if Guy de Maupassant lived with us today. What do you think?
Cheryl spoke of the trip saying: “I was warned before I went out there that it could be dangerous. But nothing was going to stop me from going. And I’m just so glad I did.
of the tunnel
Kastania is on the western side of the Taygetos mountains in the area of the Peloponnese known as the Mani.
The author and illustrator, Kathleen Rietz then take us upon a journey; a journey of a victim of cancer. From the visit to the doctor's office, testing and on to the diagnosis of cancer and the treatment, the reader follows step by step. The child learns what to expect and when to expect it. The young boy shows the typical emotions of a child in this situation; shares his thoughts with his friends, and above all, becomes Champ's caregiver. You can see the care and love radiating out form the illustrations and words.
At the massage center on my first day, a small deck of angel cards beckoned visitors: Take One.
Light is shone through you,
Truthfully...... a few days later I can't even tell the difference. haha.
There’s nothing particularly wrong about A Beautiful Mind or Chicago. They feature great production values, and excellent performances. In fact, I believe Russell Crowe should have won Best Actor for A Beautiful Mind, and NOT won for Gladiator (another day, Muchacho… Another day…). Chicago was being touted as the return of the big movie musical (except that nothing since then has been as good, and then they stopped again.) They’re both really good… I’m not denying.
05 There's no Other Way
its beer in. There are 294 of these massive tuns, some as
MY SWEET JESUS WAS OH SO NEAR
La coccinelle (f.)= The ladybird
1-2 medium tomato(es)
and the neat thing about this particular award, as i understand it, is given to a blogger that has fewer than 200 followers.
I got the greatest call from the embryologist this morning and out of 18 eggs, 14 were mature and 12 fertilized! OMG!!! That's great news! Now we wait till Monday for the transfer and see what grade they are before deciding on putting 1 or 2 in!
Cinnamon Oat Pancakes
“You’re my girl too, Shelby.”, Vince said in the voice he reserves only for her and patted her, lovingly. Shelby responded warmly and spun around so that he could pat her back as well.
Alice Cooper-vocals, guitar, harmonica.
It is written with glaring knowing irony from the perspective of someone toweringly arrogant and selfish.
In yesterday’s post, I had mentioned something about the umbrellas in the shot of the man by the door. It was strange to find a bunch of random umbrellas in an airport terminal, but there’s good reason for these to be there.
They all ask why?
Washington cannot exist without conflict. Now that the “Muslim threat” is wearing thin, Washington is stirring up a conflict with China. Washington is sticking its nose into every dispute China has with its neighbors and building up its military presence in the Asian-Pacific. As I wrote in my previous column, a China threat is being created as a long-term threat to take the place of the former Soviet threat.
If you like 'Beef Stew' this is how I cook it.
emotional meltdown
K) Micro finance and Bottom of the Pyramid schemes are maturing and appearing at scale in emerging markets. Models are also spreading back into mainstream institutions in some developed markets, for example Australia.
Thanks to everyone who came to my panels and signings! Thanks also to YART, especially Natasha, Jennifer, Renee and the whole SPOT committee...to Barb and the whole crew at Permabound...and of course Deb, Hilary, Jenny and Sharon from Candlewick!
South East Asia has some of the best tea in the world. There are at least six different types of tea: white, yellow, green, oolong, black, and the most expensive is the post-fermented teas, more on that one in a minute.
Bell's Octoberfest
Aroma: The first impression is of lightly roasted grain with some biscuit and a touch of green grass. The second visit introduced a hint of buttered corn and a bit of a tang. The third nose-dive revealed no new suprises.
their cousins, it makes for some great stories and great pictures, so it is what it is. BUT…would I love to get away? Oh yes……far, far away. Even for a little while….or
Why not try Thomas at Middle of the Freakin Road? I name him versatile because unlike everyone else in America these days, he makes of point of commenting on political issues from a centrist position that does not favor one side or the other.
Now, twenty-five years later, Amanda and Dawson are summoned back to Oriental for the funeral of Tuck Hostetler, the mentor who once gave shelter to their high school romance. Neither has lived the life they imagined . . . and neither can forget the passionate first love that forever changed their lives. As Amanda and Dawson carry out the instructions Tuck left behind for them, they realize that everything they thought they knew -- about Tuck, about themselves, and about the dreams they held dear -- was not as it seemed. Forced to confront painful memories, the two former lovers will discover undeniable truths about the choices they have made. And in the course of a single, searing weekend, they will ask of the living, and the dead: Can love truly rewrite the past?
Evolves with baby to big-kid size
At 21 I was insecure and spent way too much time focusing on my visible flaws. I was careful not to offend anyone with my opinions and often held back my enthusiasm. Now, 19 years later I’ve slowly created my authentic self. Now, my enthusiasm shows in everything I do. Being who I have always been rather than going through my life pursuing an idea of the person I thought I was supposed to be is a far better way to live. I accept my flaws both intrinsic and extrinsic. I genuinely like myself and that is a world away from the girl I was at 21. -
I find myself wondering whether the two intersect again somewhere in the future or whether they go in opposite directions.
A shad kill can be expected any time well into the early Spring, you never know.
ever do, but my DIL asked for a wall hanging and that began
It’s a sad fact that most people who do win the lottery wind up blowing it on useless crap. They usually end up back at the same place they started. Wondering what happened to all their cash.
ii) Highest hour volunteers will be given promotions but will still remain unpaid and ENTIRELY self-funded right down to the uniform and medals awarded for any worthy actions (they will pay for their own medals). This will abolish military and police costs, a self policing population will occur. Paramilitaries are also allowed at own cost.
The purpose of holding your Light on high is to motivate yourselves, and all those with whom you interact, to awaken. As I said, you have the all help from the spiritual realms that you need in order to do this, but you too have to respond with the strong intent to awaken, because you have free will and you cannot and will not be coerced into doing so. God’s Will for you is that you use your divine gifts – free will, love, compassion, acceptance, forgiveness, and so on – as you truly desire. But you can only do this by releasing your doubts, fears, and anxieties, or any feelings that suggest to you that you are not truly worthy.
Of course, as pathetic as those scores were (I think I totaled something like a 115 out of 300), it gradually got better. I passed all of the PT tests in basic, eventually running the two miles in just under 17 minutes. When I got to my next duty station in Monterey, CA, I really began to improve. There was something about running in the woods and along the beach, especially when it was tourist season and the cougars were out and you could run shirtless in a group like a Chippendale posse, that made running enjoyable for a time. I got down to about a 15 minute two-mile time, and began to find the joy in running longer distances through challenging courses. I still hated track running, but our long Friday beach runs were very therapeutic after stressful Army weeks. (Another aside: these runs might have been special only because we would sneak downtown at lunch and rent a locker at the wharf to stash our Friday night party clothes in so we wouldn't have to run all the way back up the hill to change before we went cougar hunting. But I digress.)
If life were a football game, we would be in a stadium chanting cheers for the Dragon or for Light. My previous post Grosse was meant to shine a light on the darkness, but in the process I always feel repulsion, the taint of toxicity and evil. This is the psychomachia.
I found a great resource on youtube ~ a guy in Canada who knows a lot about light spectra and what works best for growing plants. His website explains the benefits of hydroponic gardening very well, saying it actually uses “95% less water than you would if you grew the same vegetables outside” and the lights he uses “last for 10-12 years running them for 16 hours a day.” For anyone interested, I recommend checking him out!
The two agents exchange knowing glances. One nods. The other nods back.
Clouds Woodware
Doesn’t look like much of a pro football player, does he? That’s what most of the tired old dopes that steal a paycheck as pro football scouts thought, at least. This measly little guy lucked out and got selected waaaaay back in round six, the 199th overall pick in the 2000 draft. Maybe you’d recognize him more easily with the three SuperBowl rings he won before age 28. It’s Tom Brady.
The funeral rites took place at the church of the Holy Trinity. It is estimated that between 10,000 and 30,000 people attended. Franz Schubert, timid and a huge admirer of Beethoven, without ever having become close to him, was one of the coffin bearers, along with other musicians. Schubert died the next year and was buried next to Beethoven.
Your other neighbours who are having a baby soon get to come round and practice holding your baby and you get to explain to them that baby poo doesn’t actually smell bad (if they’re breastfed). Just kind of smells like sour milk.
Revenge was not so sweet as I thought it would be
One of my favorite things about hosting a linky party is featuring a talented and crafty blogger. I know how excited I was, the first time I was featured on a blog!
dowsing, and radionics would be incorporated into treatment, and love and unity would be at the forefront of every lesson.
If you are a person that loves to observe birds near your home or when you travel, Mr. Lovitch has written a book that will put you up to the necessary pointers to become a real birder. He will in a concise way explain to you what’s the best way to approach birding. Step by step the reader learns and at the same time gets the recommendations to be successful when trying to find the bird species that he or she might be seeking to watch. It displays just the pertinent and necessary illustrations and photographs. The text content is clear and highly informative. You’ll find approximately 180 pages of interesting information! This book brings good lessons for new birders!
I am also excited about meeting up with the crew at Melton waves again this week for a training session. Last time I burnt 396 calories in just over an hour, so hope to better that number this week.
An 87-year-old friend phoned me to help with her toilet. Yes. I said toilet. It was plugged. I went. Toilet fixed and she cracked some champagne for us because we haven’t seen one another since before Christmas.
spread across the sky, daylight
I'm just feeling random head to toe...
“He’s made an international hit, and big stars out of David Tennant, Billie Piper and Freema Agyeman. He can definitely sleep soundly.”
Readers, I know that most of you haven’t cancelled any weddings, but you probably have felt the loss after the end of a relationship. Is there anything else you would add to this list?
Like Nobodies Business (Spill Your Guts), Pezmosis Music Productions (2005)
What is you hidden talent
We made it.
WTF?!?!?!?
The Imperial Star Destroyer has gone missing
Author : Nymph
Friday, December 15th–I attended five hours of group therapy.
He found the perfect place on a nature trail where they go running a lot.
Anyone unfortunate enough to have invested a significant part of themselves in Houston sports teams should take a look at Oiler Blues by John Pirkle (Sportline Publishing, 2000). Half Price Books should still have a bunch of remaindered $5 copies for sale, so buy it there instead of Amazon.
All the three are dark golden in colour, pouring with a nice head. Of the three Hanssens had the least persistent head. Hanssens also distinguished itself as not quite as dry as the other two, maybe the colour was even a touch darker as well.
“Running out of Time”- clock faces, etc. or “Running out of Thyme” and dress like cooks, aprons.
Thus is the case with one of my roommates. You know, the one I mentioned previously who has been housing her boyfriend in our suite (which is against school rules, by the way).
The crap she serves is heaping
On the drive to the conference we started arguing pretty heavily over something so small and insignificant. That is usually how our arguments begin...over something stupid. When we arrive at the church, I was determined to not go in; we were going home; I was not going in there with him, no way jose!
next level—engagement?Well, I’m glad you asked.Before you can be physically intimate
I yelled at one of the other students to get help and worked to get them separated. The recipient of most of the punishment was crumpled in a ball on the sidewalk by the time I was able to wrest Sandra away. I had to physically place myself in between her and the sobbing girl to keep Sandra from jumping on her again. I bear-hugged Sandra to keep her arms pinned and talked a de-escalating, soothing patter while my heart beat a hysterical tempo inside me.
In a little over a month Nora Rose will enter into this world. I’m so very excited to meet this little acrobat. While I am also very afraid of all of the unknowns, I fully trust in God. I trust his plan and I trust He will give us the strength and resources to make it through any outcome. I’ve finally reached a point that I can begin to prepare for each possible outcome, which starts with Nora’s birth plan. That will list our wants and needs for Nora’s care involving every possible occurrence. So much to think about!!
As the night drew to a close people got up and starting leaving. Krishna Das sat on the stage and greeted people who wanted photos and autographs. I wasn’t particularly interested in all that, just to say hello was enough for me. The line to meet him was quite long but my mum was very eager so we got up there quickly. As we were only a few people away from meeting him I watched as people took photo after photo. Then it suddenly occured to me that I was about to meet a man who had been nothing less than life changing for me, and for the life of me I couldnt think of anything to say. That is fairly typical of me. As my turn come around I stood there in front of Krishna Das and nearly choked on my words, I must have had the most rediculous smile. All that came out of my mouth was something about love and gratitude, I even told him that I didnt have anything earth shattering to tell him. He just laughed and smiled, then gave me a big warm hug that felt like eternity. For that moment with him, he paid full attention to me. He didnt look away and listened to me as if I was the only person in the room, and for that one minute his whole universe was focused on me. He did that with each person and I wondered how after years of meeting and greeting people that he never seemed tired. For about an hour he sat and spoke to anyone that wished to meet him. I just stood in awe, smiling at the graceful presence of this man. My whole family all stayed back and chatted to him after everyone else had left. We talked about his travels through India and the people there. It was true magic.
I found this listing in a 1940 “Lodging for a Night” –
Of course, the public didn't give a baker's f**k about facts, and Seduction of the Innocent became a sensation. Check out a few of these imaginative fabrications from the book...
Ratings:
“You do know your true name, don’t you?”
How a bout a touch of color – what will that look like? These little pieces are for nothing but my own pure enjoyment. They are fun to look at when I want a visual feast and I plan on incorporating the designs into quilts in the future. Whew, that was fun!
Like the mouse, rats establish territories and colonies. The dominant male continuously guards his harem of females and aggressively prevents other males from mating. Females actively defend their group against strangers and often nest together. Their nests are constructed from leaves, paper, rags, twigs, or anything else they can find. Rats are nocturnal, but in areas having large rat populations some low ranked rats will forage during the day, because other rats have denied them access to food at night.
Lemon Soaking Glaze
ON Crime Central there is a chance to win both books during April. Just answer one easy question The last date to enter is 30 April and winners will be notified on 1st May.
Hannah is very shaken by this revelation and goes on a road trip with her best friend Jason and his friends seeking answers to her past. She is also struggling to handle the feelings this revelation has drudged up.
The creativity is amazing. How about Vegan tortellini made with pineapple, banana, mango, scallions and pine nuts in a coconut alfredo? Tom loves mushrooms so he ordered "Hey Jude." The lyrics go "Don't Carry the World Upon Your Shoulders, our magical mushrooms are deglazed with onions & roasted garlic, in an herb'd cream sauce, lightly finished with a balsamic reduction & truffle oil over penne." This is definitely a Grammy award winning dish!
10. How often do you try new recipes? As often as I can. I’m always on the lookout for new recipes. I try to make something new at least once a week.
Dr. Sylvia Hottinger, Carlos III University, Madrid
Now you understand why the USA and India are pushing to sensor the Internet and to stop private bloggers from reporting the truth. This is also the reason why they want to curb Facebook and Twitter, because they have lost control over news reporting. They can no longer manipulate the news and they hate it to death.
Booster Action Affiliated 3 Complete Booster Action Affiliated 2 by assault Dixie Kong
I've always been neutral about George Lopez. I wasn't into sitcoms when his was on the air, and I'm not that into stand-up comedy. So I was pleasantly surprised when his guest turn on Reno 911!, as the city's mayor who gets more paranoid and whacked out with each morning briefing he crashes, made me laugh out loud. Also, this episode features one of Reno 911's best recurring perps, Terry the roller-skating prostitute (Nick Swardson). I don't care how much of a dick Swardson reportedly is in real life, Terry's lisping interactions with the Reno S.D.--which usually involve badly-worded denials of his illegal activities--are always a highlight.
As the Spring market truly begins to hit the Oklahoma City Metro, staging becomes an important factor in the sale of your home. Staging your home for sale can make a dramatic difference, especially if a flooded market is drowning out your home. First impressions form long lasting opinions & feelings toward a home so you, as a seller, want to make your home as appealing as possible to the largest pool of potential buyers!
Seeds sown on fertile grounds.
An old geography textbook pointed our next step in this crazy line of exploration. The book Geometry by Harold R. Jacob's interested my seven year old because of its abundance of cartoons. After letting him skip around and read all the cartoons I summarized the first few chapters, which explain about Euler diagrams, equivalent statements and deductive reasoning. (I pointed out that the Euler in Euler diagrams is the same one who figured out Euler circuits.)
Hello Delightful friends and family,
1 expressive
For stainless steel, Simple Green Stainless Steel One-Step Cleaner & Polish: Stainless is notoriously vulnerable to water marks and smudges (even a light touch can leave prints). This winner not only cleans expertly but also casts an antistatic layer that repels dust and future spots. Fragrance-free.
with the life they've built.
During apartheid, every one of the 74 deaths in SA police custody up to 1994 was widely condemned in screaming headlines and frantic international protest campaigns. Under the ANC regime, deaths in custody soared to 695 in 2006 and reached 860 deaths in 2010. Only the annual Amnesty International summaries have some paragraphs tucked away mentioning this horrific fact. No screaming headlines, no frantic international protest actions. Why did world opinion come to such a screeching halt once the ANC came to power?
Pursued by hidden enemies, and in a desperate race against time, she attempts to discover the whereabouts of a missing girl and unlock the magic within her amethyst necklace. On her journey, she meets Tom, a boy as lost as she is, and together they try and find their way home.
I’m sure Trans Pennine Express have some delights lined up for me travel wise, having got used to the efficiency of the Seattle Light Rail. Still, I’m not sure even they can manage an 11 hour delay, though dont quote me on that!
– Pittsburgh Seeing “Explosion” Of Heroin Overdoses
In Genesis 1:27 we read:
Synopsis: Sarah is a young girl that takes most things in life for granted. She hates her stepmother, she hates her baby step brother Toby, basically she hates her life. She wishes everything could be like in the fantasy books she’s always reading. One day, when her baby brother was being particularly cruel to her, she says the right magic words that make Jareth, The Goblin King and his goblins appear. They’ve come to take the baby away just like she asked. Of course, she really didn’t mean it, she was just venting steam. But as Jareth tells her “what’s said is said”. Thankfullly, not everything is bad news, The Goblin King gives Sarah a chance! All she has to do is reach the castle at the center of the labyrinth before the clock strikes 13, or her baby brother becomes a gobbling forever! Such a pity…
neighborhood block parties
From a standpoint of reaching out to parents, then, Brodhead has every reason to concede that mistakes were made last spring—not to seek scapegoats, to challenge tenure, or to fire people, as was done to former lacrosse coach Mike Pressler. But to reassure prospective Duke parents that the administration is taking positive steps to ensure that every arts and sciences professor at Duke treats every student at the institution fairly.
We did not plan any time to linger in the city, which I regretted as soon as we arrived. We were in a rush to get our rental car and start for our next destination (and I didn’t take any photos, regrettably), but I would have enjoyed an hour or two having lunch and walking around the center city. Amsterdam was gone in a hello and goodbye flash, and that was that.
About Alex: "To state things plainly is the function of journalism; Alex writes fugitive reviews, allusive, symbolic, full of imagery and allegory, and by leaving things out, he allows the reader the privilege of creating along with him." Alex can be found hidden deep within the dark confines of his home theatre watching films, organizing his blu-ray and dvd collection and updating his blogs. Please visit the Korova Theatre and Hammer & Thongs to see what’s on his mind.
This is what happens to your self preservation when you have something interfering with your normal processes; stress or something from outside like drugs or alcohol. It can be devastating to the normal process of life in the worst cases. In the worst cases, thoughts of suicide can come through and in the very worst case, they can become more than thoughts.
It doesn’t have a quick release seat post clamp. Allen keys all the way. Now I just lock up my tires and it’s good to go.
Rustie – Cat Nip
Look at the clothing worn by people who live in perpetually hot climates, such as the desert. The clothes tend to be natural, breathable fabrics cut to fit loosely. Not skin-tight and synthetic. The air flow achieved with loose fitting garments is going to increase evaporation, which increases cooling. These people have been living in, and successfully dealing with these hot climates for millennia. They’re not in it for a big house in Worthington Valley. They’re in it because it’s how they survive in a harsh climate.
Today I'm posting a little mixed media collage piece, of a sweet 'Pointy-Eared Dog'. This is a 4"x4" artist panel (from Ampersand, of course) I used some Golden Acrylic paint and gel medium, along with some vintage papers I had lying around...and there you go-ART! It's not scratchbord, but I did do some scratching texture into the background paint before it dried. I top-coated with a matte Golden Gel Medium to protect it.
Of course, in his article the obedient Mr Kelly attempts to distance his treasured causes from the acts of Anders Breivik by saying that the clenched fist salute “has a long history as a symbol of defiance and solidarity, commonly associated with both left-wing politics as well as the struggles of oppressed groups - most of them far removed from the politics expressed by Breivik”
Father, thank you for the victory in my life and I thank you for surrounding me with favor, therefore, I will confess favor daily giving the praise to you. In Jesus name, amen
I hope this letter finds you well out of harm's way
Never mind that downtown Greensboro will be practically empty at that hour with no one at work in the bank offices. Nevertheless, some Ecstacy and LSD will be passed around and by the time they make it back to Festival Park, everybody will be ready for a nice nap. Later, fucking do-gooders will arrive to make sure everyone has a place to piss, a place to sleep and something else to eat, just like their mommies have done for them all their precious little lives.
‘Okay, look, I think we should all try and get settled into our cabins, maybe have a little bit of a rest, get our heads down for a bit,’ Andy suggested. ‘We’ve got a meeting with the Cruise Director this evening, remember? So maybe we should meet up in a couple of hours or so. In the Show Lounge. I’d like to start getting a feel for the place, you know? Start thinking
For previous Wreck This Journal posts please see my sidebar and tag cloud.
Your children will love your work because you wrote it and have shared it with them - not because it’s good. If you wrote this on your cover letter, I would skim over it.
The Pleasures Of Love
I took these pictures right after the arrest, I didn’t actually see what happened but, Fern Sidman apparently did. Here is a quote from her article that’s linked at the bottom of this post:
then you disappear without a trace…I have never really met you – only in my dreams…But I know you’re there…I wish you’d find your way to me soon…I desire your touch like the flowers need the sun…To feel our passion freely and to know you are the one…The romantic side of me will always love you so…Until the day we do finally meet and we both lose control…The reason that I found you was more than fate… Your timing is never wrong…Now we share a bond so strong…My love for you has reached my deepest soul…And I’m longing for you…To have you in my arms to hold…And never let go…Being silently in love with someone you might never have…Close enough to hold his hand…Yet, too far to feel his heart…Living quietly in pretense…Carrying a feeling of love that’s unknown to most and hiding it…But not knowing for how long…Fallen so deeply, loving unconditionally…But so afraid to say what you really feel…But knowing that holding his hand would feel so right…And that your heart smiles every time he’s at sight…And hearing his sweet voice makes your day…And you secretly hope you can hug him in a special way…My heart keeps holding on to you…At every waking moment, in everything I do…I keep seeing your face in my daydreams all day…And if you knew, what would you say? My heart would literally break in two if I was ever to see you with someone else…And I would blame myself for not finding enough courage to tell you how I feel…I wish I could somehow change the time and make my dream where you were mine alive…I wish no one ever had to know…The feeling of lovesick pain from head to toe…Like someone rips out your heart and tears it in two…And sit back and watch is all you can do…In my dreams you say those words I long to hear…And when I look into your eyes, I know you’re sincere…So I’ll see you later, when the day is through…When I’m asleep in my bed, dreaming of you…Love sits and waits inside the empty void of the heart…Waiting for that special moment that will light the spark…The one special person that will take the place…Of the hurt in a heart that will put a glow on a face…The one special touch that will make you want to cry…And the one special kiss that won’t let you say goodbye…I’m sitting here, waiting for that one moment in time when I will find my true love who will say to me “You are mine”…For that touch and that kiss that will never, ever end…For that one day I’m waiting for when I say “I do” to the one I’ve been waiting for all my life at the end…So, I sit here waiting if my dreams will come true…In every dream I dream my “one special person” is you…There will always be a heartache and often a silent tear…But always a million wishes, wishing you were here…There will always be your reflection, in my lonely saddened stream…And there will always be a “you and me”, as long as I can dream…Every time I look at you makes me realize that you are that someone…My only one…I know we belong together…And I want to be with you forever…I know it was fate and that you are my soul mate…I know that you are THE ONE…I wish I could hold you tight and I know it would feel right…Because when I’d be with you I’d know it’s true that you are the one I want to spend rest of my life with…Your smile brings light into my darkness and your touch would take away my pain…I wish your eyes would only see me and your lips only speak my name…I know we were meant to be together…There’s no other way it could be because without you by my side I no longer could be me…You’ve changed my life forever…You’ve showed me the meaning of true love…You’ve opened my eyes and made me feel alive again…You are the love of my life and not even death could do us part…For you are my forever soul mate and I love you with all my heart…When I close my eyes I see his face and I can feel his touch…His warm embrace…I can hear his voice when he whispers that he’ll never let me go…And it feels so divine but then I open my eyes only to find he’s not there…Was it all in my head? And I feel sad but then as I look up…Out of the blue I see his sweet smile…And I reach out to him and to have him back with my arms wide open…The moment stands still…A love frozen in time…You are the man I had dreamt about for so long…The man I have been waiting for forever…I want to share my love with you…So pure, so true…I want to shout out loud…I LOVE YOU!…I could look at your face forever and I could hold your hand for all time…If I could have one granted wish, it would be that you are mine…I dream about you all the time…You came into my life when my world stood still…I couldn’t say a word…And the feelings of love I have kept in my heart…I’ve loved you in silence and worshipped you from a distance… Dreamt of you all the time…I want to say I love you, but I’m afraid…Afraid that you’ll just take it for granted…So, in silence then, I’ll just love you and in silence I’ll find…The fulfillment of my dreams…I can’t explain why I feel this way…Every time you come my way I tremble, feeling nervous…Feeling like I’m gonna fall down unconscious…I don’t know what’s so special about you that made me fall so deeply in love with you…Maybe that cute face of yours, your smiles and ways, yes of course…Every time I dream about being by your side I’d like to stretch my hands open wide…And embrace you tight endlessly but I can’t because you might turn away from me…But what can I do, if this is what I feel for you…Can you really blame me, if I have fallen madly in love with you…What can I do to let you know my heart is for real…Sitting at the beach at night and wishing the stars could tell you…I wish you could let me love you for no reason, for no return…Swinging with the waves of the ocean and wishing they could tell you about my feelings for you…What can I do to let you know how much I feel for you…Wishing the clouds or the moon would let you know…Shivering in the wind and wondering where you are right now…I sit here all alone and thinking of you…I think of how I love you and how you make me feel…I think of what could be when a wish would come true for you to love me too…I’m holding on to my love for you and hoping one day soon…You will love me like I love you…I love you so deeply, I love you so much, I love the sound of your voice and I long for your touch…I love your beautiful smile…And all the joy that you bring to my everyday life…I love you today as I have from the start…And I’ll love you forever with all of my heart…I wish I could write your name into the sky but the wind would blow it away…And if I’d write your name into the sand the waves would wash it away…But I have written your name into my heart and I know that there it will stay forever…Sometimes I sit up at nights staring into the ceiling above…And hoping to be lucky enough to be given your love…And wishing you’d know that I love you so…Deep in my heart is where you’ll stay each and every day…Now, forever and always…And I wish that you’d know that I’ll always be there to show you how much I care…That I’d never let you down…And I wish that you’d know how much you mean to me…That you are my eyes to see, my heart to beat and my air to breathe…And that without you…There’s no me…In my heart I hold your love close…It’s your love that I need the most…I’m here all alone with all my thoughts of you…Thinking of our future and all the things that we could do…You holding me in your arms and your heart beating next to mine…As we get lost in time…I dream of that distant place where you will always be mine…But in my heart you will always be…The one, the only one for me…I don’t look forward going through the day…Knowing you’re not here with me…Thinking of the endless hours as the days dragging by…Why does it have to be this way? I have a wish for you and me…I wish that you would bring your love to me…In my heart you will never leave…You are the one and I will love you, always, till our days are done…I love you more than all the stars in the sky…I love you more as each moment passes us by…I love you more with every breath I take…I love you asleep and when I’m awake…I need you like a flower needs the rain…I need you to wash away my pain…I need you more each day…I need you because you’re so wonderful, in every single way…I miss you more than ever now…I miss you because I really need you somehow…I miss you and your touch…I miss you because to me you mean so much…I want you to look into my eyes and see my love for you…I want you to hold me close to your heart…I want you to know that I love you…Need you…Miss you…Want you… And I have for every single moment…Right from the start…I dream about blue skies above and white clouds drifting by…I dream about green meadows and the greenest hills…And rivers that never will run dry…I dream about your mysterious eyes, I fear the time that passes by…Without you by my side…I dream about your smile so bright, I wish you could hold me tight…I dream about you all the time, my love for you lightens up the darkest skies…But why can’t I speak when I have so much to tell…Why can’t I write when I have so much in mind…Why can’t I sing when there’s music in my heart…Why can’t I dance when there’s rhythm in the air…Too many words left unspoken…Too many things left undone…But why can’t it be and why can’t I? For all I know this pain deep inside is taking away the joy from my heart…Is this the pain of missing you…Is this the reason behind it all…I can hear the agony of my heart…Longing for you and your love…When will the waiting ever be over? For as long as we’re apart I can never be whole…I just want you to know that my heart is aching because I’m missing you so much…It’s so hard not to tell you the way I feel inside…Every time I have the chance, it’s my heart that I must hide…I keep it to myself, in fear of what you’ll say…Because my soul couldn’t bare it if you didn’t feel the same…I cry myself to sleep at night wishing you were here to hold me tight…Teardrops on my pillow because my heart is in pain…It’s only your love that I wish to gain…I don’t know what to do or say…Just wishing you would be beside me in every way…So I could tell you that my love for you will never end…For you, I would climb the highest mountain even though I’m afraid of heights…For you I would swim the deepest ocean blue even though I’d be terrified of drowning…For you, I would face my biggest fears because I want you by my side…Because I know that you are the one…You make me whole…You captured my heart and touched my soul…You alone are my reason to live and for you is everything I have to give…You came into my life when I needed you the most…You gave me back my desire to live…And you make me complete…Each time I see you, my heart skips a beat…You define beauty, in both body and mind…And I never want to let you out of my life…Just happy your fate collided with mine…
The sauces, baked tofu, and Taiwanese noodles can be found at your local Chinese Market. I have included here a store locator to your nearest 99 Ranch Market. My mom suggested this specific brand for the sauces but unfortunately, the bottles have no English labels so I’ve attached a picture as a guide.
Lying in bed Saturday morning, I mentally took note of everything I had to do that day, and the next, and the next.
There is kind of an orange/lemon overtone to it that is very nice
I made two sets, one pink and one blue.
But amid a highly fractured GOP field, Mr. Paul has held the lead in three of the last four publicly available polls of GOP voters in Iowa, with support ranging from 20% to 28%.
As to Congress, it is equally in a position and in fact it is the first to called upon to decide as to the existence or non-existence of an emergency. According to the Constitution, section 24, Article VI, either House of Congress may call upon the head of any department of the Government on any matter pertaining to his departure. The members of Congress come from all parts and the far corners of the country. They are supposed to be in close contact with their constituents and know at first hand their needs, the way they live, etc. Congress therefore should know. Moreover, it is the legislature that must first determine as to whether or not there is a national emergency as a condition precedent to the delegation of its legislative powers. Naturally, it is the one that is called upon to say when that emergency ceases.
When you sit down to do a drawing or painting of an event or a story, how do you know exactly which moment to pick as your moment to illustrate? This can be especially challenging when dealing with a scene full of action and drama.
I can't get over the feeling that the disparate responses I have to these two ads are meaningful. Telling. It's possible I think this because it's very late at night, I admit, but still.
You have to do your own thing.
For instance, My Grand Advent Calendar Plan was to knit 24 little mittens, and then fill them with goodies before the 1st.
· Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Management Information Systems, or related field preferred
22. How many one-night stands?
If I can briefly bring myself to recall – it essentially drinks like a fruit beer (cherry is the nearest I can get) which has been laced with peach vodka, poured into a half-full jar of Marmite and left on a jungle floor to evolve and mutate for several decades.
DR. Richard Wiseman, a psychologist, once conducted a research. He gathered many volunteers, and asked them, “Based on your experiences in life, do you think you are lucky or unlucky?” He also conducted a personal interview with the volunteers to see why they think so. Then finally, he asked the same ‘imagine’ question above.
Bottom line point after these a 140 words I have just written: I don’t want people at BSB to take this the wrong way. It’s a great school. I wasn’t saying anything bad about it. I was just comparing it in a rude, funny way to Montclair’s public schools. Sorry to bore you on confusions.
Other countries with high life expectancies include Sweden and Finland. “Historically, these countries had an ethic of having more of a nationalised health care system,” says Kate Schecter, a programme officer for the American International Health Alliance. “There’s this mentality that health care should be a given right for citizens.”
So here goes: (My hidden journaling is attached to the "Dream" pull tab to the right of my photo):
At first it seemed as though Nasim and Kristen were reprising their characters form the corn syrup commercial. Is this, like, the tenth sketch this season about cell phone penis pictures? B
I started reading romance really young. That surprised my co-worker as well. I had made it through all of my grandmothers Barbara Cartland books at 13 or 14. I found a copy of the Flame and the Flower at her house when I was 14 and read it. I really didn't read a LOT of romance except when I was at Mimi's house until I hit college. After that I glommed onto authors like a crazy person.
Todd Clouser's A Love Electric: Everyday
Therefore, it is usually structured document parsing is not useful. Generally, web scraping that binary data ought to be overlooked — results in that the multimedia information or pictures — and then format the text data pieces which will mistake the specified goal. Which means that in effect, eye personality recognition software programs are a kind of visual internet scraper.
who, when you lock eyes with them,
We spent loonies and toonies!
This followed the recommendation of a three-member panel set up by the NJC and led by a justice of the Supreme Court, Mariam Aloma-Muhktar.
From: Baron-Cohen, S. (2005). Enhanced attention to detail and hyper-systemizing in autism. Commentary on Milne, E., Swettenham, J., & Campbell, R. Motion perception in autism: a review. Current Psychology of Cognition, 23, 59-64.
Much of the day was spent just being Mom. Breaking up fights, coping with Owen's tantrum's (he's discovered he's TWO), cleaning up paint that Garrett got on our patio furniture/patio/puppy Ellie, figuring out how to work in a shower even if it meant it was at 5:00PM.
Accessories: Exacto Knife, 'Worn Lipstick' Stickles, Scalloped Circle Punch (clouds), Martha Stewart Fence Punch, May Arts Satin Ribbon, Bow Easy, Basic Grey Pearls, 'Pearl' Glimmer Mist, Paper piercer and template, foam tape;
Tongue twister.
ALL ARTWORK IS COPYRIGHTED BY PETER CAMPOFIORI, IT IS ILLEGAL TO PUBLISH OR PRINT ANY SUCH ARTWORK OR TEXT WITHOUT WRITTEN PERMISSION BY THE ARTIST.
He’s watching telly, is he insane?
Yesterday, the siblings testified in the Johannesburg High Court against their former gardener and chauffeur, Stephanus Modise, who has pleaded not guilty to murdering Douwe and Johanna Bijkersma, both 57, and Gelske Afke Wounda, 40, and attempting to murder Johanna Baecidina Durieux, 80.
It can also hardly be claimed that despite the Chernobyl tourist industry, the existing sarcophagus is in good shape. It is cracked. Whilst it may still be fit for purpose, there is no guarantee that will be the case given its hasty construction at the time, hence the need to create a new sarcophagus.
The trend from the above is obvious, on average each year household sizes drop by 0.025 which equates to 15,552 new dwellings required based on our present population of 4.6m. But in the past 25 years it has been dropping by 0.04 which equates to 25,356 new dwellings required each year. In fact over the past five years we needed 121,072 dwellings to accommodate population growth (population growth 2006-2011 divided by household size in 2006) which equates to 24,214 new dwellings a year. So in modern times, we apparently need dwellings more for the shrinkage in household size than population growth. Told you this was interesting!
More enchanting sounds and harmonies, in this case guitar-based, are to be found in Real Estate's sophomore work "Days". The New Jersey band follows the example of its recently reenergized neighbors The Feelies, creating the sort of majestic guitar soundscapes which could become the perfect companion for a road trip. And in case your road trip needs something a bit more psychedelic, try following "Days" with Wooden Shjips’ latest effort, "West", for your maximum trippy enjoyment. As for The Black Keys' just-released seventh effort, all I can say right now is that with every new spin of their "El Camino" this week, the album keeps climbing up in our year-end list, reaching higher and higher. Tune in around Christmas to see where exactly it will end up.
O my God, in hearing your law read, do I not hear my condemnation? since I have not made it the rule of my life, nor preferred it before all things, as I ought to have done, but, on the contrary, have preferred my own will and the law of flesh and blood. I have not only omitted to do what it ordained, but have also done what it forbids. I know my faults exceed all pardon and mercy but yours, which is infinite, and which your goodness excites my heart to hope for, and my tongue to ask. For though your facility in pardoning be so great, yet in behooves me humbly to ask it; I will then make it the first of my many requests.
Situation 3: Girl meets boy in high school and thinks he is a jock. Boy acts like girl doesn't exist. Girl meets boy several years later. Boy likes girl. Girl feels like he's ridiculous for liking her. Girl acts like he's kidding and ignores him but asks him out anyway. Boy doesn't take her up on offer. Girl stays single and feels stupid. Boy is stupid.
My hope is that some day scientists will actually find a cure for breast cancer, not just tame the beast.
It’s limitless possibilities
The Star chose a rather bland headline about how polling day in Permatang Pauh is likely to be wet. So what Wong Chun Wai?
When I bought my entertainment center equipment, I did open up a Best Buy credit card. It wasn’t that I didn’t have the money, but I didn’t want to spend all that money at one time. The card offered me one to three years of no interest (dependant on the total cost), as long as I continued to make payments. With everything I bought, I ended up with three years of no interest. What I ended up doing was calculating my payments so that I could pay it off in half the time (1.5 years). This gave me enough time to pay it without having to worry about hitting the three years. If I had an emergency during one month, I could pay less and continue my payments the following month. During tax return seasons, I usually paid a bit more to get it paid off even sooner.
David Benioff captures the heart and emotions of his readers. The entire story, I felt like every person, place, and thing mattered, I CARED about the characters. Also, in many parts of the story, I broke out in laughter at the funny jokes present.
There’s a silhouette, of a man, tucked behind my eyelids.
I put a safety pin through one end then grappled it through the tunnel. This was quite fiddly - please let me know if there is an easier way. It also didn't help when the pin unpinned itself halfway through.
(2) Since the mom-to-be wanted a feminine vibe for the event, we created a damask pattern. We brought that pattern into a custom backdrop, vessel liners, trail mix wrappers, strawberry mousse shot glass labels, and even the trays that lined the mimosas. We also brought in a striped and cross-hatch pattern to make the table feel a bit more playful since the party was for a baby shower.
Christmas Cookies ,
Anyway, I wasn't sure I was going to make it. I nearly called in sick to work on Friday (and to show you how crappy I felt, I have called in sick ONCE in close to three years at my job. Yep.) and I figured if I felt awful Saturday, I'd just have to skip it. Luckily, it started at 10 am which gave me enough time to sleep in (because 8 am is sleeping in! I am so old!) and I felt pretty good on race morning. Mucus-filled, but capable of running a moderately-paced 3.1.
Copyright 2012 The particular Related Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, transmitted, rewritten or perhaps redistributed.
PM Lee now promised Singaporeans that the rate of immigration will be continued in a “measured and calibrated” manner. Is this a tacit admission that the uncontrolled influx of immigrants between the years 2003 – 2008 had been a mistake?
Cosmos Brewery (Thai Beverage Plc.) Chang Beer (Export)
Grab some popcorn and enjoy the show!
Believing that “it’s all about the journey,”
The gameplay is fun, the graphics are outstanding, the storylines are almost all stellar, and the game continues to get better as more features are added with each patch. If you have never played World of Warcraft or another MMORPG it may take some getting used to, but if you have, you can pretty capably jump right in and enjoy it from the get go. You might not ever run into Princess Leia needing your help, but as far as science fiction MMORPGs go this is pretty much the only option worth your time. Star Wars fans will enjoy it. If you don’t like Star Wars, you won’t. It is as simple as that.
Yes, we were "coloring outside of the lines," our "tweaking" extended to other rooms on the first floor and involved moving lots of furniture, re-hanging pictures, moving lamps and accessories and the like. Why not? We had a blast and were able to accomplish an amazing amount in a few hours, I can't wait to share the "before & after" photos.
I kept whispering his name, over and over, and each time, his ears lowered, his eyes softened, and his posture relaxed as a wave of contentment just seemed to flood him. I stroked his ears, rubbed his shoulders, buried my face into his scruff and hugged him.
Good at holding a grudge. Forever. Yes, housemate from eight years ago who used to steal my Nutella, that means you.
Many many thanks to my friend Frizz at http://flickrcomments.wordpress.com/2012/01/06/weekly-photo-challenge-a-archive/ … He has continued the challenge for us and we are starting at “A”. As there are 52 weeks in a year and 26 letters in the alphabet then we are going to do a whip through the letters this year! Sounds like fun to me. I think I will see some wonderful images posted this way.
And so I wink at the girl, wink at the dog and turn myself back to the bar,
Before the demands arrive that I list each and every lie that passed Obama’s lips, let me say that this is a brief commentary, not a ten-volume exegesis of his campaign and first year in office.
the countdown begins.
We did a pink/grey train theme. It was 100% perfect for her.
“Our mission is to drive forward the adoption of social media across Europe in order to improve the quality, access, value and effectiveness of healthcare delivery to patients.”
My back-up plan was to ask the person working there, but I wasn’t entirely sure that I’d got the name correct, so if I’d approached the shop-girl and asked: “If I said anjelica to you would that mean anything?” then I’d have sounded less like a shopper and more like a dodgy medium who was trying to pass on a message from her dead Gran.
I walked in the house, groceries and my Clamato beer in tow.
That is why the 275 sailors, prisoners and soldiers were desperate. They had no hope and they were given a God-given premonition of that which was to come; to fall into the hands of a living God. We read in Hebrews 10:31 that “It is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of a living God.”
What I learned: “Out on an island” subplots. Be careful of subplots that feel like they're out on their own island – far away from the rest of the story. In other words, you can't just add a random subplot to fill up screenplay space. It has to tie in closely with the rest of the story, feel like it’s part of the whole. This Jeannie storyline – to me – felt like it was out on an island. If you erased it, very little about the story would change (almost always a bad sign). Every once in awhile, if the writer is skilled and the “Island subplot” is fascinating, it can work. But I’d avoid it if at all possible.
I ended up taking that pen back because it was dry and didn’t work. But it is supposed to be like a pain pen, but for glass! It would have been cool! First I had to clean each glass with rubbing alcohol.
As if the 100 or so Belgian speciality brews on the menu was not enough for a Belgophile, the walls are covered by Tin-Tin cartoons and Belgian-style beer enamel commercials. There are small wooden tables with abbey-inspired sofa backs. The atmosphere is quite relaxed, at least in the early afternoon.
Apparently a few days after realizing that he was now supreme chicken, Dinner decided that it was time for Spot's girls to be his girls. They however declined to submit... so he got nasty. Yesterday I noticed a hen that looked really beat up, but she wouldn't let me get close enough to check her out. Then, later in the afternoon, I went in the coop to check for eggs and was amazed at the mess - feathers were everywhere. I opened one laying box and half the eggs were smashed, then I checked another and...uh oh...there was a dead body inside! I called Scott in to perform a detailed investigation. His diagnosis - Dinner had spurred the hen in the back until he had splayed her open - a brutal murder. We found two other hens that were injured in a similar manner, though still alive.
1. Indigenous peoples have the right to determine and develop
You can grab the badge from my blog here and go over there as fast as you can!!
Mr O’Neewl ignored him.
Highlights of visit: Very clean and spacious enough even for those of us with sharp pointy elbows. Excellent Niagara-esque flush ability.
Key Employees 17
Tom quickly pressed the accept button, “John! I…” he was cut off before he could explain anything, everything.
All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and Microsoft Corporation announced that AICTE will deploy Microsoft Live@edu over the next three months to more than 10,000 technical colleges and institutes throughout India. The cloud deployment will expand students’ access to high-quality technical education and collaboration.
3/4 tsp ground ginger
Heather Draper – Well, my sister tells a story about me furnishing shoe boxes with pictures cut out of the sears cataloged in grade school, which I am pretty thankful I don’t remember! I think it was something I have naturally done since then...but I really started to recognize it as a love with the early days of HGTV...loved Debbie Travis’s painted house, Sarah’s room service etc... Little embarrassed to admit it really...
In Hebrew’s 12 it says that it is for discipline that we endure. In fact, it comes right out and tells us that God is treating us like His children. And as Hebrew’s says, what child is there that a father does not discipline?
Aliette: ha ha ha. I once had someone (non-Vietnamese) argue with me about how I’d got Vietnamese history all wrong because it was in the (American) history books. I’m much less pacifist than you, and I basically fought an urge to strangle the person at that point…
Things have been pretty quiet at the Red Hen Home lately (that’s not a bad thing). It’s still too cold here to do any big furniture painting, so I’ve been keeping busy with a few signs!
The Staples Singers buttress The Band in “The Weight”:
I also doubt their household was a paradise, but it was an island of social rebels hidden far beyond laws of convention. It was Holloway who told Marston that his comic book character needed to be a woman. She was a bit of an Amazon herself, living 99 years and, more wondrously, supporting all four children and Byrne after Marston’s death in 1947.
I suspect the average moviegoers does not know that,however, and went to the film expecting high adventure. Heck, I did know that, but I was still expecting more fun.
I've changes some thing about my make-up.
Being a child of the seventies, familiar with titles claiming "The Joy of...", I came up with Sister Estee and her blog, Joy of Autism . What the....the JOY of AUTISM??? How about that? Sister Bonnie of Aspergian Pride led me to Brother Kev and the Autism Hub. How in the hell I ever came to be in that place at that time was a fluke of timing and dumb luck. To be thrown into a maelstrom in the midst of Autism Advocacy when it was only 2 days old to me is beyond my reasoning. I'm trying to catch up. I learn something new every day...but the main thing I have learned is that there are labels, and expectations, and people (and me) pointing out my child's sliver in his eye and not seeing the logs in our own. This is heady stuff , in an intoxicating sense. There is no end to it. It continues to grow even as old churches and pastors attempt to join an ecumenical community of faith in reason and understanding, dreaming dreams that have yet to receive fruition: and the young pastors leading their flocks, pushing the boundaries of even that in their visions for the future. (Us old farts don't do visions).
Grated Carrot Cake Route
Mountain Safety Council chair Ross Meder added: “Tourists often fail to realise weather conditions can change extremely quickly in New Zealand, much more so than in the Northern Hemisphere.”
***GIVEAWAY for this challenge is my "All Around Christmas" stamp set that we all showcased today AND there will be a 2nd winner & it is sponsored by Custom Crops!
Oh, I've been told that I'm a fabulous mover and I get kids and us involved in activities and "live as though it's the last place on earth we'll ever call home" and I do, I suppose. But I don't completely settle. Especially this time. It was often easier in Geneva to just play the "let's just wait" card. "Let's wait to get to America before we get started in dance lessons because then they'll be in English" or "let's wait until we move back to the States before we buy a crockpot because then it will work on that voltage". We did plenty of living like we'd never move again, but we did WAY more living for the next big move. The Move.
2. Someday, I'd like to be an event planner.
Well this needed to be addressed, so I pulled out after the guy and stopped him just after he went around my other officers and the car that they were pushing. One of those officers had tried to flag him down, but he drove right past that officer, too. I got him to stop about half a block down. Needless to say, I was not in the best of moods when I approached the driver.
Me: Oh, fine. But I'm a happy person, we both know it, and you're just jealous.
The soup could be shorba from the north or a rasam from the south, but I decide on a kadhi that hails from either Maharashtra, Gujarat or Punjab. It is one of my favourite starters and can be served with or without the dumplings. (Interestingly, the west coast version of this soup is generally served cold and has no yoghurt added, it is called sol kadhi and uses coconut, another one for our vegan friends!)
1. I am allergic to strawberries, and it happens to be my favorite flavor in all things. This has lead to many close-calls and near suicide attempts.
When I arrived this is what I saw:
Produced by Beatle George Harrison in 1970, he also played guitar and harmonium. His lush production and arrangement added greatly to the enjoyment of this immensely infectious and beautiful song. It was released as a single and spent 8 weeks on the British charts and eventually reached number 23.
These items have never been used! We bought them for a photo shoot and never used them.
I like you the best
Oprah has endorsed Tolle’s spirituality whole-heartedly, and even sponsored a 10-week online seminar with Tolle. The thing is, Oprah still claims to be a Christian. Can you be a Christian and subscribe to Tolle’s spirituality?
MY MANTEL AT CHRISTMAS TIME
Everything changed. God somehow opened my eyes and brought me to a place of peace, but it wasn't something that happened overnight. In the midst of the bundle of emotions I felt ashamed for how quickly I snatched up the gift of birthing my own biological child, afraid that I accepted it with less than the immense gratitude that it deserved. Terrified that I wouldn't get to experience it a second time, because after all, my plans included at least three more children, and it was imperative that my dreams come true, in my way, and in my time.
Tan suede wedges - Moda Pelle
I would highly recommend it!
vnto woe vnto woe vnto woe
Of brokenhearted alabaster truth
Market Trends Pvt Ltd, Mumbai is having openings for Environmental Professionals.
Students as Researchers
Shake all in a martini shaker and enjoy.
INDEPENDENT NEWSPAPERS
If you require any further information please contact: Northgate Payroll Helpdesk 0870 0668695
Weed Weed? Weed weed weed. Weed!
and there it is again —
Lower mixer speed and add the flour mixture by thirds, incorporating after each addition.
The world rise to celebrate the hardwork of the workers. From Ghana to India, England to thailand, and from Africa to Asia, Europe, its celebration galore. Your labour will never be in vain. Salute to all workers. Happy may day, HAPPY WORKERS’ DAY
Apparently, QVC has not acknowledged that Lee, who often appeared on-air with her mom, has passed away.
This place is just too freaking pretty to be Arkansas. It looks like it was ripped right up out of the country between Eugene and Florence, OR and put here whole, with some more pine trees tossed in, and lots less hippies. Winding roads? It's a motorcyclist's wet dream. NOTHING but twising, winding roads, many with massive mountain-sides on one edge and calamttous drops on the other. Oh, and often they've got DOT warning signs that say "Warning: Crooked And Steep Roads Next 10 Miles." Yeah, I'm wishing I could have forked over the cash to have trailered Sally up here. Maybe next time.
Tentatively, knowing the Wilder would sense it, Rel looked a little way forward in time, trying to judge his adversary's capabilities. Clearsight should warn him of a coming attack, but Clearseers had died to sudden attacks before. This Wilder promised little danger, though, beyond the strength written in its frame. Rel said, "You have no power of arrest here. If you continue to interfere with my job, I will be forced to take you in for censure." Better not to think about the tangle that would create, since then he would have to make himself known to the Four Knot.
Gert here. Now that Pilgrim has been FOUND OUT, he/she/it has NO CHOICE but to come clean, except we know that it’s already been all ‘created’ before hand; there really isn’t any real Brian.
because of its painted dining room. A French-Canadian painter used
Because what I do know is that the kidnappers did not give the boy back.
I miss you. I remember with fondness my teenage years when I could sleep well past 10am. I was the child who had to be woken up most Christmas mornings because I knew deep down that the presents would still be there at 9am. Much to the chagrine of my brother and parents. Move into my college days. Allnighters studying, late night talks with the roomies, and what were my favorite post midnight memories? John and I would spend half the night on the phone. I went to Union and we had these things called curfews. So, after curfew we would end our nights out 'on the phone.' These phones were attached to cords. Yes, pre-cellphone conversations. We would talk about life, future, our pasts, there was nothing that was off limits. I could still find you sleep. An afternoon nap after classes. Sleeping late on Saturday mornings. We were still very good friends back then.
Once again, the fire department showed up at the Rest Home, to rescue the drenched Minnie, and to tack up a tarp so the dripping would stop until the roof could be repaired. They took one look at Wolf and said, “Oh no, not you again. Look lady, you better cool it. You are a menace to society.”
What’s happening to me? Why can’t I shake this? I’ve tried.
I have also always had a bigger block to mouthing the words of my prayer. You see, I feel like a crazy person talking to herself – but the story from which we derive the need to daven in this way makes the same point. We read in Samuel that our ancestor Chana prayed in Shilo silently and desperately for a child, where the High Priest proceeds to scold her, mistaking her voiceless prayer for the ravings of a drunk woman. She replied that he is incorrect and that she is “a tormented woman. I have drunk no wine or other strong drink, but I have been pouring out my heart to God.” From this, we gain the custom to inaudibly speak our prayers.
every Tuesday they meet at the coffee shop...
Using narrow strips of painter's tape, I started to loosely sketch out the design for myself on the sweater. You really don't have to be exact here, you're just looking to create a general guide for yourself .
- sleep through the night (or wake up once around 11 pm for your milk bottle)
I had a bad start to advent this morning when I became ill before Mass began. I was too uncomfortable to try to stay for the whole service, so when the entrance hymn was announced and the congregation stood, I used the circumstances to slip out as unnoticed as possible. I diagnosed my malady as a low sugar complication which has occurred only once before, but is quite distracting. I made it home safely, ate some candy corn and two slices of toast and peanut butter which restored me to a normal status. I had eaten some breakfast, but was informed that if my sugar count were low to begin with, it was not enough sustain me until lunch time. Will try to make up my worship time this week.
I decided a while back that I wanted to make a big Christmas beer to hand out to friends and family during the holidays, I just wasn't sure what style I wanted to brew. At first I considered brewing up one of those ambiguous “winter warmers” that almost every craft brewer seems to put out this time of year, then I remembered that I don't even really like very many of them. Then I read about this french saison yeast the Wyeast had released as part of their “Private Collection” special release program. It's a french saison yeast, rumored to be from Brasserie Thiriez, that doesn't need ridiculously high fermentation temperatures like their regular saison yeast. Bingo, I quickly decided, after consulting Farmhouse Ales, that the beer I would brew would be a Bier de Noel, basically a dark, high gravity saison. The recipe was based off the info in the book.
Pig Flyin' has smoked the squab breast with apple wood chips, the legs cooked confit in duck fat. They rest against a disc of polenta, as tiny snippets of enoki mushroom float lazily in the golden-hued broth.
Billie Holliday: That Ole Devil Called Love
The reality in all this is that we are fighting a war with an ideology, a religion that believes in lying and deceit to achieve it’s goals. And our president has done much to hide or disguise that fact. All references to “radical Islam” Muslim terrorists, and anything else that identifies violent acts as being motivated by the Islamic religious belief has been ordered purged from all official government communication. Meantime the Obama administration is funneling not just millions but billions of dollars into the hands of these radicals through all kinds of back doors and under many guises.
We are naming our chain as “MAITRI”, which in Hindi/Sanskrit means “Friendship”. This is going to be a chain, where we will have fun with food and make lots of new friendships.
play a tune I know
My friends and I would organize and re-organize our CDs whenever we bought new ones, or depending on which one was the favorite of the week. The kids I work with don’t bring their CD cases to school. They bring their ipods, or they don’t bring their music for fear of drawing attention to the fact that they don’t have an ipod. Kids these days missing out because CD cases were awesome, and the music in them was even better.
This guy, let's call him R.J. (names have not been changed to protect the guilty) and I met in July at a restaurant I go to a lot. He came up to me and started talking to me, but I was in the midst of grieving over a good friend who had passed away that week, and more worried about drowning my sorrows than hooking up with anyone. Needless to say, I was not the most approachable person that evening and blew him off. A few days later he found me on facebook, and sent me a message. I ignored the request and message, but the next week, he was back at the restaurant again and I was a little more able to talk to people, so I let him buy me a drink. He got my number and asked me out for the next week, and I hesitantly said okay (I hadn't been on a REAL date in years, unless you count going to a bar with a guy and paying for my own drinks as a REAL date).
We’re totally behind in our list of weekend chores, and can’t find our checkbook, to boot, so this will be brief.
I sat in the middle of the couch with the long coffee table parallel to it in front of me. My injured foot was propped up on a pillow on the table to my far left. My normal leg was positioned the same way to my right. Slowly, I’d lean toward each side with my arm outstretched in front of me, toward my foot, or over my head. I’d relax back to take a break, then tuck in my tummy, sit up, and repeat. It helped take the pressure off my lower spine and loosen my shoulders, in addition to stretching my legs and arms.
Medal of honour: Mr Mitchell with the inch-long bullet out of his leg
Kamehameha focused on effectively governing his kingdom until his death in 1819. His remains were hidden with such secrecy, according to ancient custom, "only the stars know his final resting place."
Anyhow, I just have to add a few comments here about healthy stuff in general.
Thank you soo much for joining me for Frivolous Fashion Friday! Hope you enjoyed my picks this week. Please remember if you'd like to pin them, pin them from the source. If you're not sure how, just leave me a comment and I'll get back to you letting you know how to do it. Thanks!
such potential
Place the almonds on a cookie sheet and put in a cold oven and bake at 350 degrees for 12-15 minutes until the inside of nuts are tan. Remove and set aside.
The SA police services are scum really.
Pastry
Is this what you wanted?
I’m a wanderer in this life, I never had a home that
The flat red rock formations are starting to be apparent in the landscape...this is one of the reasons I've come here; to see the rock formations, take photos of them and possibly paint them when I get home...I want to feel the warming sun on my skin and watch and study the changes in light and shadow!
I had thrown in the point and shoot camera for the trip. I gave it to the kids to have them take photos from their perspective.
Keep in mind that the high quality of our schools is what brings many people to Hingham. If they start leaving, home values will drop!
Watch this space. No, not the one between “space.” and “No”. The one just above this post.
Hmmm what to do next?
Now, what to do with it? I loved how it looked, but was pretty scratchy yarn. I decided to make some kind of container with it. I haven't done any crochet in a long time, and I'm happy to report, that my hands could handle the whole bag without too much pain. Well, yes, I made a drawstring bag.
But first, a little background. A woman named Heather, the mom of one of Margaret's friends, attended Jack's funeral along with more than 1600 other people. In the front of the church, on the communion table, sat a photo of Jack. Next to the photo was Jack's Yankees hat. Heather didn't know Jack, but she did know a Yankee, and she wondered if he could bring a little comfort to our hurting family. On her next business trip to see one of her business associates, the Yankee, she asked if he could sign a ball for us.
*have a very serious look towards people you don't know or haven't warmed up to yet...I like to call it "The Bierhalter look" because your momma had it too!
The portions here are huge, and Whit and I have been struggling to clear our plates at every meal. In Guatemala, it is considered rude if you don’t finish everything on your plate so we’ve been clearing them at every meal. I have to be more diligent about going into the kitchen and helping them when they serve my plate, because I’m getting stuffed from all the food.
On the subject of Steve Bell again. Who is this new kid on the block? Is this new arrival simply a case of UAF/SWP realising that Martin Smith and Weyman Bennett aren't doing them any favours, publicity wise? After all, both of these bellends have been arrested and now we all know exactly who they are and what their real political allegiances are… Enter Steve Bell. Steve Bell is also a union leader for UNISON. His job,no doubt, is to Trotskify the union, spend all its funds on strikes and books by Trotsky, and then basically ruin it.
"The start of the Great War in 1914 generally upset all continuity of trade. Sales abroad dropped off, more particularly in bulk, due to the difficulty of securing transport, and also to the home demand and the Government restriction on brewery output. Sales in bottled ales and stouts still remained fairly steady during the four years of the War, although they also declined for similar reasons.
No hope of maybe
Once you are done spraying carefully clean up your star dies with a little bit of hand sanitizer. This contains alcohol and will remove all the marker from the metal very easily. Also, look at your leaves- if they're like mine then they now have some pretty neat coloring on them. Airbrushing is a great way to add extra color to dried leaves or silk flowers in your fall arrangements.
Voice of America (blog)
“It is almost like a competition,” my Maruti Swift-driving friend tells me. “If your friend has slept with someone, you want to as well, just to prove a point and just so you can fit in with the group.”
and fold our lives like crashing waves and run up on this beach
me - "John loves this little specialty chocolate store near our house. I am going to go buy him some butter creams for Valentine's day. I can pick out the candies he likes and get him the perfect box of chocolates."
Congratulations girlie! Have a great time with your Target gift card!
With all the familiar faces gone and the one everyone been rooting for out of Cycle 18 America’s Next Top Model, is there a chance to increase viewers’ rating or is this the end for the much anticipate reality TV show? We know its not the end but cycle 18 has unconsciously showed us that the show is not ‘fiercely real’ and fair as it should be. At least Fatima Siad, the Somali model from cycle 10 is a living proof to the testimonial.
I remember that after I wrote a paper in Evolution on Sewall Wright’s shifting balance theory with my colleagues Michael Turelli and Nick Barton—a paper that severely attacked an extremely popular and influential evolutionary theory concocted by one of Crow’s friends and Wisconsin colleagues—Jim wrote me a nice note saying that he thought we were right, and that Sewall had been misguided all along (Wright was dead by then, of course)! That was a nice boost for a young faculty member.
“It sends a message in and of itself that we can be hurt but not broken,” Abney, 49, said in a phone interview Tuesday.
We’ll happily dare/
For my layout I used a photo of my brother and me, taken at the Garden of the Gods Park in Colorado Springs, CO in 1972. If you click on the layout to enlarge it, you just might be able to see us. We look like ants standing in front of one of the giant red rock formations.
When I sneeze, you say bless you,
Add chicken stock and water to the pot and bring to a boil. Add pasta and simmer for five minutes. Add the meatballs and beans and continue simmering another eight minutes or until meatballs are heated through. Mix in lemon juice, black pepper, and more salt, to taste. Ladle into bowls and top with Parmesan.
All in all, a great meal in a great establishment owned by great people who are helping clean up Trenton. The places has nice ambiance, is clean, and they make it appoint to remember you by name. I'll report back soon!
Spring is so close!
Don’t waste spare cash you have left over from the move. Hoard it. Stay away from credit cards and credit in general. Live within your means, it will surprise you what a weight is off your mind not having the debt you had in SA (you will have other worries to contend with)
1. I began the month by ending last month in the negative numbers…oh…about $300. (This is NOT normal for me…at least not since those first few months after leaving The Evil Ex.)
I am trying to practice living life as a joyful person. It is really hard work. I just keep thinking over & over. I have to make it through this.
Lisa:
Our invisibility is hurting us.
But to no avail - on goes the CD. Off sloped Boy 1 to the other room. Leaving Boy 2 who at first appeared to be making a fair stab at repeating the phrases on the CD - "Bonjour, comment allez-vous?, je suis en vacances, je suis de Londres", etc
According to your environment, your diet, the seasons, climate, your age, and other factors your doshas can fluctuate and as they move in and out of balance, the doshas can affect your health, energy level, and general mood.
See my little label? I printed a whole bunch of the off a while ago, and had buried them on my craft table, but recently I re-discovered them, and decided to start using them up, as I want to make myself some that are a bit bigger, and a bit more user friendly!
Services are alleged to be private. In lieu of flowers, the family requests that mourners make a donation to their favorite super PAC.
I grew up with my father telling me that happiness is a choice. He didn’t mean like a choice between eating cereal or oatmeal for breakfast. He meant like the choice between cheating on your spouse with someone you’re attracted to at the office or choosing to be faithful to your spouse and reinvent your marriage. He meant that happiness is a choice that you decide upon by fighting for it. His words have stuck with me because he shared with me how hard he has been fighting for happiness all of his life. Because he told me how many times he almost lost and almost lost his life in the process.
Misha, on the other hand, is heading back to the States to his home in Buffalo. There, he will pamper himself – he’ll adopt the sleeping habits of the average household cat, watch Scrubs because it is indeed good for the soul, and eat classic American cuisine like a triple-fried cheeseburger with XL chili cheese fries and frisbee-sized quadruple-fried onion rings on the side. No jalapeno mayo? Send it back! All this while “exfoliating”, whatever that means. The truth is, with the stresses this kid has, everyone would do the same thing. So I applaud him for publicly announcing that he fully intends on getting his eyebrows tweezed and giving his pores extra, extra attention. While he’s at it, that uneven farmer’s tan could use some persistent hours in the sun. But his goal is an honest one – to enjoy his few fleeting moments away from work, school, and exhausting backpacking trips in which basic plumbing is cause for overt joy. And for this, no one can blame him. Misha, I wish you many hours of Scrubs, sauna therapy sessions, and saturated fats! Sincerely, reliably, your very own Dr. Cox.
That much of the message confirms it as false right away. It’s the same scam that used Gordie Tentrees’ email address a few years ago, and that another Dawsonite here saw played on a friend of hers from Vancouver later on.
Even without the pre-post travel adjustment, this is still one of the nicest triggers I have worked with. I would definitely recommend it for any CZ shooter.
And for Albertans, furious about the disastrous National Energy Program, this was an argument that resonated.
Indeed, it first hit in 2008 though it was almost entirely off the radar of the American public. While all eyes were glued to the carnage in the stock market and brokerage account balances, a far more serious crisis began to unfold rocking 30 countries around the globe.
Thirdly there is the addiction to spin. The belief that seems widely held by those in power that words speak louder than actions, that the rhetoric of the light on the hill is more important than the approach that it would suggest. We grow tired to the media circus that surrounds everything, and of a media that thinks or rather does not think for itself, and the general notion that we can fix everything with an announcement. Announcements fix nothing. Announcing the same thing four times still does not fix it. It is like the margin note on the sermon ‘louder – argument weak here’.
House Speaker John Boehner, delivering the Republican response after Obama spoke — the first such live response aside from the State of the Union in nearly four years — said Obama was looking for a “blank check” to fund his administration’s “spending binge.” He accused Obama of not negotiating in good faith…. – Fox News, 7-25-11
Dominique moved Elijah’s arm away from her shoulders and took a few steps towards me. It wasn’t long till we were face to face.
Anglo-Saxons have been notoriously less ethnocentric than just about any other group. Jews (with some honourable exceptions) have pursued a consistent, long term strategy of undermining Anglo-Saxon Protestant hegemony in American politics and society. In Canada, the French have developed ethnic free-riding at the expense of Anglo-Saxons into an art form. It really is time that Anglo-Saxons ceased to believe that cosmopolitan self-sacrifice on their part will ever be reciprocated. Our weakness is in fact one of the most important reasons that whites generally—with the notable exception of Jews—are losing ground to the non-white masses flooding into what Europeans still so quaintly refer to as the “Anglo-Saxon countries.”
-Jersey Cotton
If using the lemon zest, add it to the sugar and rub it in with your fingertips until the sugar is moist and fragrant. Cream butter and lemon-sugar. Add egg and mix well.
In the mean time the new-dangled polling machines - Which as we SHOULD all know by now are just like standardized tests forms, was a little modern, a little archaic (do I really need that voter stand to make my selections?) couldn't I just sit on the floor off to the side and work it out?
Lay Low - By and By
Though of course there are some people who will look at you as a defective human being because your problems are mental, I am canny enough to not share the details of my condition with them. The trouble that I have had. has to do with friends who expect that someone with bipolar disorder should behave like a raving lunatic and since I don't, I may have allowed myself to be misdiagnosed.
Now, having said that.
The confusion over treaty rights and special privileges is similar to how most Americans view reservations in general. The idea that reservations or fishing and hunting rights are something the Americans “gave” to the Indians after defeating them in war is absolutely ridiculous. Reservations are instead usually the one thing the Americans didn’t take after forcing Indians to compromise over endless war or peace. The Ojibwe word for reservation, ishkonigan, also means “leftovers.” The “welfare” the U.S. government gives to recognized tribes every year for healthcare, housing, food, etc. are terms the government agreed to in order to take the land. And they took almost all it. Even on reservations themselves, there are more white residents than enrolled tribal members. Of course, if the Americans are really upset about the terms of the agreement, they can always give back all the land or maybe start paying rent.
“Hey, you kids ready to help get the chairs?” said my Uncle Manuel.
He laments the changes he made to please his growing audience, while still catering to that audience. Crowd pleasing singles like “Change Clothes” though are tempered with the hard-hitting “Dirt Off Your Shoulder”, a masterpiece of the highest order. Over a driving staccato Timbaland beat, the King of New York dismisses his critics with a simple gesture. If you’re feeling like a pimp, go brush your shoulders off. ( Yes, Jay’s frequent use of the n-word does cause my bleeding liberal heart grief, but I cannot dictate what this man says, just how I interpret it.)
Since Celente’s ‘Civil War’ prediction of last year, executive orders NDAA and National Defense Resources Preparedness were signed into law by President Obama, which are both politically damaging actions taken by a sitting president.
The fact that an ingenious, post-punk Boston act from the early '80s happened to arrive immediately on the heels of a far more seminal post-punk band from the same town, who by the way had just waved their collective white flag, strikes me as too much of a coincidence, but in the case of Three Hands, I have a feeling it was merely that and nothing deliberate. Though similarities to Mission of Burma emanate from both sides of this ace 45, I don't believe this unheralded trio had any intention of usurping the throne belonging to Roger Miller and Co. However modest or ambitious Three Hands' aspirations were is entirely irrelevant at this point, and hardly factor into Mark Kopenits ringing, clangy fretboard maneuvers that gracefully tumble down like a waterfall of minor-chord arpeggios, imbuing "Climb" with so much of it's texture and panache. "Big Person" places more emphasis on choppy rhythms than melodic riffs, and as such acts as a fitting counterpart to the aforementioned "Climb." According to a post on New Wave Outpost, this wasn't Three Hands only single, and on a sadder note, Kopenits passed away in 2009.
-Little bit olive oil
Surprisingly, though, the sun came out for a few hours to brighten the day.
Graffiti can be grungy and dirty, or used for gangs to tag territories, but its message is always clear.
The bizarre current day argument that singers who don’t also write songs are somehow lesser than other singers is very strange. We don’t expect opera singers to write the operas and we don’t expect actors to write the screenplays. Most singers do not write songs or at least, not the majority of the songs they perform.
Second, and perhaps more significant, the London company has introduced the H-type stem which increases the handlebar height to a shade over 107cm, making much more sense for this six-foot-sixer.
Everyone that has seen the box so far says its going to be a great place to work out. It has a very industrial/hardcore feeling to it which I love and there are so many things that can be done to improve the look even more once we generate some income.
- Michael Oppenheimer, Environmental Defense Fund
Swirling. Howling. Beckoning.
The fact is that, for a short while after they arrive, some immigrants are forced to do the jobs which:
1 aptitude
Line a baking tray with silver foil and arrange the tomatoes on it, cut side up.
The problem I have with English is that it so rarely sums up the states of mind/body/soul that I’m in, completely. (And I’m sure that goes for everyone else, too.) On Sunday, I was remarking to the Fellow* that I needed a word for when you are in the know about some place/thing/event, but then there’s an extra awesome layer to it that you only just discovered, which other people knew about but you didn’t, leaving you feeling simultaneously annoyed at being in the dark about it (even though it’s no one’s fault), and thrilled that now you’ve improved your knowledge. (The context: a sculpture downtown that I adore and tell everyone to visit apparently rotates when you push it, which I had no idea about until I saw a team of people do it. And the Fellow apparently knew the whole time. Rrr!) Things like that are too complex for single words.
The old Rose in the movie was telling her story and this is a line that I am planning to make a sampler with as soon as I get unpacked and rested.
So who do you vote for? Of these caricatures – assuming nothing further about their policies, about their parties, about other matters: do you vote for the candidate whose actions benefit people but whose words insult and injure you, or do you vote for a candidate whose actions are to the detriment of many (including you) but whose words flatter and praise you?
Row 5) p3,k3,p3 accross
Liz made Helen this jewelry organizer. She got drawer pulls and a piece of molding from the hardware store, polyurethaned the molding, and put in the drawer pulls. Here it is hanging on Helen's bulletin board already full of necklaces.
I have to admit, we were disheartened this morning. But it's nothing we can't overcome, and we are making the choice to be thankful that our little Levi is doing so well. God has brought us this far, He won't let us fall so close to the end. The doctor said that if there is any positive count increases tomorrow, we can take him home. There are a lot of plans being reshuffled today to make sure we have things lined up this weekend, but hopefully tomorrow at this time I'll be writing you an update at this time from my couch while Levi runs laps around the living room around with his big sister.
Bearing the spark of life
The old man reaches down to stroke my hip. (See — this is something you could never get away with if this were official government business).
My boyfriend has recently developed a habit which, having discussed the matter with other females, I believe is quite common among the male species. Each time we go out together, he accumulates a handful of random crap which, without fail, he will ask to deposit in my sacred handbag.
The mother duck gasped. Her other ducklings froze and stared.
Now for the first official challenge of the New Year! We are celebrating NEW BEGINNINGS! Share your new baby, new home, new job, anything new! Our sponsor this week is the ALWAYS FABULOUS Simon Says Stamp!
So I dove into my next book with those thoughts in mind. Have I done it this time around? Not sure. I'm querying with some success, but we'll see if I've done a good enough job. If not, I know my next book will be better. And the next.
I am not exaggerating when I say their output is prolific, but, probably–honestly–not world-shattering, when compared with the Big Five. But I think I am preaching to the congregation when I say that most people reading this are big supporters of Indy Publishers because, as writers, we believe we have gone it alone for so long; along come brave-new-worlders bringing publishing to a more human level (less hype, more oomph); and we are delighted that the indy field is opening out to include more individuals–like us. It seems not only logical, but the most writer-friendly way to go.
As he raved about his new job in the earliest days, it became obvious to me that the energy and camaraderie developed right before a grand opening were key to fueling his new passion. Whether it’s a start-up or simply a new location opening its doors for the first time, there’s something special about joining a team on the front end.
Of course, I couldn't keep her in the house. JustJenn popped her on the front seat of her mini-van and drove through the Starbucks drive-thru. The staff cracked up. I'm still sleeping with the lights on.
Guinness; Ireland, Dry Stout, 4.1% abv
When I first received the Symphony charm pack (it was a giveaway win) I wasn't sure what I was going to do with it. It didn't really seem like my kind of fabric and the colours didn't appeal to me. I decided to use it for this pattern because I wasn't sure how the pattern would turn out, and if it didn't work I hadn't wasted a fabric I loved. The more I worked with this fabric though, the more I found such lovely colours and patterns. It's such a shame I can't get more of it now! The teal I chose for the sashings matches one of the colours in the prints and now I love teal!
The wind had blown all day -- gusty and unrelenting -- like I rarely remember. I don't know where the wind comes from, but I think it must be from someplace in the past, because it so often awakens some memory. I sped up, trying to outrun this particular one.
A September 9th hearing up in Boston will be devoted to what Walter Noel and his boys knew and when they knew it. I’m going to check – if the hearing is open to the public, I smell road trip. How cool to live-blog from there! Walt, if you’re going (and I assume that you are since you’ve been subpoenaed) maybe we can ride up together. I’ll borrow a trailer and the filly(ie)’s can come too.
What if we turned back to go get it if we forgot it?
I can’t so much hate this play as just not be amazed by it. Leigh’s not at his best but it’s still not a horrible piece of work. Just nothing memorable.
Ps 118:17 I shall not die, but live, and declare the works of the Lord.
This used to cause me great stress. I would berate myself week after week for failing to get any writing done and the end of every week would feel like failure. But then I decided that if couldn’t change my other commitments, what I could at least change was my attitude.
This was a crazy, crazy week. On Monday, it was announced who are new principal will be for next year. It's the guy who does my job for the upper grades at our school. We've worked closely together for the last two years and I'm super excited for him and know he'll do a great job. However, I also found out on Monday that they've decided to get rid of our positions. They've decided to add an assistant principal and they hired someone who interviewed for the principal position. They told me that in the restructuring they wanted to ensure I was still a member of the team and they created a differentiated specialist position that they offered me. We're still discussing what that position will look like exactly but it sounds a bit like a combination of the two jobs I had prior to coming to here, which is great. I've been on an emotional rollercoaster all week and I've been stressed and overwhelmed with the changes. I'm excited to see what the new position has in store.
Anyone interested in Spring golf are asked to meet in room 206 at 11:20 today.
It wasn’t all the noise about my parents being proud, blah blah. It was when Glenn told me that grad students wear hoods at their ceremony (and yes, we are allowed to eat Skittles as well.) Apparently, grad students get attachable hoods for their gowns.
This is part of being vulnerable, you have to open yourself up to the possibility of either being loved or being hurt. You have to be wiling to take the gamble.
I am currently the only person on the planet not remotely interested in Taylor Hicks, oil prices, or Britney dropping her baby on his head.
A suitcase is on it. Open. Inside,
The easy answer is not to embed fonts at all, or use freeware fonts, and there are many fine choices. (See links below) The downside of this? Talented, obsessed font designers might not be able to make a living making beautiful fonts.
It was that brief time in the early morning when the pond and woods behind us are still shrouded in night’s shadows. The sun hasn’t yet come up and the view is mostly dark silhouettes that blend together against the steel-gray mirrored surface of the pond. It’s the time of day when nothing is quite what it seems.
:) My happy face.
Let my kisses Bite
Unfortunately, I didn't get the email until 3 hours after he sent it... so I hope he was able to make the pasta anyway... I've really got to check my emails more often on the weekends.
Disney's Boardwalk Inn Resort
That may seem like a bit of an unfair trade, but this isn't any ordinary quick bread. It's full of wholesome ingredients that manage to make it comforting (that's the pumpkin and banana talking) and exciting (that tropical coconut, again) at the same time.
* When you drive at night, you are almost too occupied with finding glowing eyes on the road side.
Mountain Sun Pub & Brewery Pater Brown
I read the headlines in the daily news...
Wednesday - now - Goth is planning a conference call with AI (and it will not be polite)
Chicago radical anti-business environmentalist. Blames George Bush for "Poisoning the water that minorities have to drink." No experience or training in water management whatsoever. Former ACORN Board member (what does that tell us?)
6 purely
sóla
disembodied, reaching out
Taken: 07/2010
Just another project I am working on for my office at work. So far I have shown you the large frame with coffee filter wreath and the saying I framed in a distressed frame. I decided I need something on the wall behind my desk to put notes and reminders without it looking messy and tacky!
Splotchy: yip
In a way we gamers cheat, every time we deploy our army afresh in yet another battle or roll up a new character. How about a propluristemic rule then, a rule for many games?
I find these to be several of the only quotes worth reading. It drives me crazy how people frantically scribble down what celebrities say at concerts, how reporters record the rantings and ravings of the president of a company with really nothing to say. We are all guilty of doing this, we all have our favorite quotes, and we all find some people to be insane. Most of the people that I quoted above are, in fact, very insane. The quote that makes the most sense to me is that, “In a mad world, only the mad are insane.” Since we are are all insane to some degree, everyone is sane, but if everyone that is insane is sane, what happens to the people who are really sane? Yes, they become the insane. Thinking about insanity will truly drive you to partial insanity. Thinking about anything too deeply will drive you to partial insanity. And that’s all that this blog really is. Thinking about anything and everything that I can think of too deeply.
Dennis Altman laments the loss of the radical critique that was central to the early gay and lesbian movement.
On the day itself, a private dinner was held for Dr. West, Radhanath Swami, several chaplains and religious leaders on campus, and a handful of student leaders from various organizations. As they ate the delicious full-course meal catered by Govinda’s restaurant in Philadelphia, the two guests of honor immediately hit it off, chatting like two old friends, joking, and referencing memories from their childhoods.
Net sales increased 46% to $7.13 billion in the first quarter, compared with $4.89 billion in first quarter 2009. Excluding the $185 million favorable impact from year-over-year changes in foreign exchange rates throughout the quarter, net sales would have grown 42% compared with first quarter 2009.
4. When you were a kid, what was your favorite television show?
The expressway is planned as a 7.5-kilometre highway running through the Red Hill Creek Valley, which snakes down from the Niagara Escarpment to the east end of Lake Ontario. Transportation planners who work from different maps see the expressway connecting the Lincoln Alexander Parkway to the QEW.
Yoh, so there’s less than 50 days to go to the rally… Time is running out fast, but some of our best (and worst) work has been done under pressure, so watch this space. We have some new sponsors on board who have been unstinting in their support of Team Boombaklot, so please show them some love and check them out here.
My friend CJ scolded me for acting unkind toward the elderly, but it turns out, I’m a competitive machine when it comes to warehouse work.
So was I. The bus had never been this late before. I was thinking he'd manage to miss it.
The texture of that table with the wicker…..to die for! Okay, so you can’t knock these off, but maybe with all of the money you would be saving on the table……
2 rise
Not me.
Other links
E, dryly: Don't have much choice.
- I don't have any nice cards or paper
Yes, be real. Be honest. First with yourself, and then with someone else. And then together, walk boldly into the abandoned building and watch redemption take place. Watch God restore it and remodel it into something more beautiful than it was in the first place. His project may take years. But check in with me during the restoration process. You're not alone. And I'd love to hear how you're doing... even on the ugliest of days.
So after much much prayer and curriculum hunting, we have decided to go with My Father's World. I'm hoping we can order the curriculum in the next week or so. I'm looking forward to getting started with it. It seems to incorporate the Charlotte Mason/Classical learning that I find so beneficial, which makes me happy!
Asked by GQ if he would justify the suicide-murder of Tony Blair (with the tender GQ proviso that only the prime minister would be killed in this putative assassination) Galloway responded as follows:
I added some green ribbon and a bow to add a bit of highlight.
10. A SUNDAY IN MADRID (6:05)
Damn, I hate when a seemingly brilliant plan goes wrong.
And what exacerbates a drop in oil production is that it takes many, many years for production to return to pre-war levels - anywhere from 5 to 15 years. So, in a worst case scenario of war with multiple oil producing Islamic nations involved, oil will likely reach devastating highs and stay there for several years before a return to normalcy.
Have a wonderful day!
In the early part of this year I had a boom time for sales, with a whole series of deals especially for younger texts. Things have noticeably become more tricky, though, as the year has gone on and it does appear to be true that this recession has made a major dent on publisher confidence. I wouldn’t recommend giving up altogether during this rocky patch, but I would advocate patience – it may take a good deal longer to get the result that you are after.
David Roads - rhythm guitar, backing vocals
In 2008, the National Leadership Consortium at the University of Delaware was calling attention to a “looming crisis” in DD services. Their data showed that two-thirds of current CEOs and executive directors of nonprofit organizations as well as government senior managers were leaving their jobs by 2013. “Many leaders of disability organizations are reaching retirement age,” they stated, “and there is not a ‘next generation’ of leaders prepared to move into these positions.” I think Patti Stonesifer might disagree with that.
Just keeping it real. :)
Here is Cinnamon, one of the new dogs at the Sanctuary. Isn’t she spectacular!
5. I discovered this great comedian whilst I was on earth - he's called George W Bush. I make a point of tuning in to Earth television on a regular basis so I can cackle at his antics. He is just sooo funny - and I've realised he cannot possibly mean anything he says because its all too ludicrous for words. Great comedy, Georgie, you're blessed with comedic genius.
Are most content
So, you see, you do see don’t you, that Friday the 13th has been an awesome day for me! I’ve gotten a lot accomplished in my effort to reaching the goals on my LIFE LIST! YEAH FOR ME!!!
Getting mail is serious business for me. I exchange letters with my cousins, participate in the odd craft swap, and just this year I started getting a magazine subscription again. I've gotten a variety of magazines in the past: American Girl, Bon Appetit, Gourmet, and Nylon. American Girl I grew out of (like ya do). Bon Appetit discontinued and I just didn't bother getting Gourmet again. They seemed fluffy, more like a food version of Apartment Therapy than a serious food read, though I enjoyed them regardless. Nylon lost my interest after 2 or 3 issues and the realization that I didn't really care that much about fashion, trends, or the people on the covers. Simple disinterest all around really. Not getting magazines in the mail wasn't creating some giant gap in my life, but it's convenient and a bit exciting to have reading material sent to your door every so often, at the very least it fills the gaps between books and seasons of Doctor Who.
i like the simple but cool shape here. and bonus points for wiring it for lighting. not sure we'd go that route but it scores for looks and function. i think we'd be good to go with the big windows light-wise.
Birthdays
Almost ALL Australian zoos will have a kangaroo walk-through area where you can feed them and pat them. This little mother had a baby in her pouch and was the focus of all our attention :) Lana LOVED the kangaroos. Maddy didn't really care either way ;)
However... better do this properly, which will be a first, as whenever I have got an award in the past, I grab the bugger, shove it up on the blog and completely ignore the rules. Tut tut. Which is just what I have done this time, as have had award for flipping WEEKS.
In August David Norris withdrew from the Irish presidential election but resumed his candidacy in the following month. Svalbard was a rogue Polar Bear who attacked and killed a British schoolboy.In September there was the first Irish case of death by spontaneous combustion was recorded in Galway.A plane crash in Russia killed 43 people, including nearly the entire roster of the Lokomotiv Yaroslavl Kontinental Hockey League team.Occupy Wall Street movement began in Zucotti Park, New York City.On Sep 20th the United States ended its “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” policy, allowing gay men and women to serve openly for the first time.
I have reviewed every single response and the comments and I have learned from my mistakes.
Bear-ly Naked Cabaret is sponsored by:
Facts became concrete observations based on evidence. It was growing up.
Cost of Alternative: $20-$30 per gallon
Measurement + Spring + DJ Inkers Clip Art =
IS LASER SMOKING STOP THERAPY FOR YOU?
This is a fascinating book, thoroughly real, intelligently written, and as candid as you could possibly want a memoir to be. It’s given me a great deal to think about, in part because of my own long-ago struggle, in part because of what’s going on in my diet and life now, and in part because it’s just a doggone incredible piece of work.
7 ) RIBA – The Teddy Bear Robo-Nurse
He will answer one more question….Is there ever a chance, a place in his heart he would ever take her back? No.
For more interpretations of the theme, do pop along to the gang's blogs and please leave a comment. Also enjoy this piece of suitable winning music from last year's Eurovision Song Contest.
The Saint Martin Noel, tasted in a dark and cozy bar in down town Brussels surrounded by tourists! Brewed by Brasserie de Brunehaut, the Saint Martin Cuvee de Noel is one of those beers that simply knocks you out without you realizing it.
1 lungs
I am so excited to share my first "Guest" blog post with all of you. Michael Larsen, owner and founder of Tula's CocoKefir, invited me to post about our journey with our son from a health care perspective and the lessons we have learned along the way. My hope is that by telling our story, we inspire other parents to think outside of the status quo when it comes to their child's health care. Please pass this on to anyone who you think may benefit! Click here to read the post!
It is true that these inmates and guards are part of a system. It did not take postmodernism to tell us that. So what is Fiona Tan really trying to do? I think that what Tan is trying to do is allow a viewer access to human beings which are usually forgotten once they are locked away or humans that are often viewed as brutal parts of institutional discipline, i.e. the guards. If this is the case, why does Tan use an eclectic postmodern presentation that does not allow such sentimentality and love of humanity?
Have you tried anything from GLAMCOR? Which primer are you currently using?
My Western background left me completely unprepared for this Eastern take on the feast of the gift of the Spirit to the Church. In Western Churches, Pentecost particularly focuses on the “fire” of the Holy Spirit lighting on the disciples in the upper room and the “empowerment” of the Church for mission. Traditionally in the West, the color of the feast is red (for the fire).
May 12 – Nashville, TN – The Basement
6. Hours
Even if I got in an argument with somebody or I had to make a very heavy decision, I would need to chill out.
3- North Coast Brewing 2008 Old Stock
And it was in this awareness that the battle began. And continues.
Andy: FIIIIINIIIIISHHHHH HIIIIIIMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
as the light from Prometheus slowly dims
Yes, this is absolutely the most painful step - you have to cut the pages from the book. I know! I might have wept a little. I recommend doing it quickly - like ripping off a band-aid.
Temple has tried to summarize the Pistols on film before, but like the band members themselves, he found himself swayed and misled by McLaren. His 1980 The Great Rock 'N' Roll Swindle is a bizarre mockumentary, started in the aftermath of the group's final concert in January 1978 but before it all truly collapsed. Yet the movie clearly bears McLaren's stamp of approval and manipulative hand, and it's notably today mainly for the brazen, self-serving myths conjured by McLaren. The Filth and the Fury seeks to rectify that shambles of a film by presenting the band's side (including Lydon's and Matlock's, both of whom were omitted from Temple's first go-around with the punks). Curiously, Temple frames their talking heads in shadow, masking their faces as they come clean about their brief time together. They look as if they're in witness protection, hiding from what they wrought.
Picture 3: one of the local inhabitants
"I must have left it in the store," he said. "Perhaps when I was looking at things?"
It is always so nostalgic for me to come back here.
But life got a bit busy and then I had a brainwave- using my stash of scrapbooking and art paper and card that I have been collecting for ever. I keep everything for my art/card stash- invitations, cards, packaging, magazine pictures, paint sample cards...anything that catches my eye really.
She liked me enough to keep wanting to marry me every time she got the chance. I’m just guessing here, but I think we got married at least ten times, and for her the experience never got old.
I take peace in knowing the success stories of those who have come before me.
In conclusion, this latest legislative initiative hyped by Najib as “heralding a golden democratic age in Malaysia” in his speech during the installation of the Agong on April 11, is but another gimmick to woo the middle ground ahead of the polls without actually reforming BN’s repressive power.
because I love blogging, not to set an example to some imagined cancer community of which I’ve never considered myself a part. I want to be free to tweet or Facebook-post about whatever’s going on in my life without it looking like I’m doing it to harvest concern. I want to get texts and phonecalls and emails filled with gossip instead of worry, and I want to write lists of
The thing is: you can simplify your to-do list, but you can't really simplify people. We are just a complicated bunch.
1. Gelatin – Most of us have heard of gelatin, and maybe a few of us actually know what it is. Gelatin is derived from collagen, which is made from a protein collected from animal skin. The gelatin in desserts, for instance, comes mainly from pig skin. Foods it’s found in: Jello, frosted cereals, yogurt, candy, and some types of sour cream.
So Here are the pictures from the first page of Their Disney Mini Album Scrap Books we have been working on. Also the First Page of the Disney Photo Book I have spent many many hours creating on the Disney Photo Pass Web site. That book is not quite finished so the pictures are pictures of the Book on my computer not the actual book because it has not been ordered just yet. My Goal is to finish it this week and get it ordered.
Port Brewing High Tide Fresh Hop IPA
02/20/2007 43.63
14. I wondered why the baseball kept getting bigger. Then it hit me.
hot sake and started to browse the menu. There was a specials board
My beautiful, sweet Grandmother, GG (to Luz and James), celebrated her 85th birthday this week! Today was an extra-special celebration with family and friends at Barcelona restaurant. We enjoyed sangria, tapas and paella (prepared in the largest paella dish I have ever seen), followed by some flamenco dancing and beautiful Spanish guitar. It was the perfect way to enjoy such a special birthday.
Several weeks ago I was passing snack to my children when I noticed a child crying. I ask what was wrong and several children chimed in to say the child had eaten before we said the blessing. The child, through tears, said, "I'm sorry, I forgot". I had just set the bag of crackers down on the counter. I reached over took out a couple of the bite-sized crackers and ate them. The children looked at me silently with wide eyes. I immediately placed my hand over my mouth and said, "Oh my I just ate a cracker". I continued to explain that God doesn't care when we give thanks. He only ask us to give thanks. My tearful friend was now giggling and everyone else was hushed.
I’m going to marry my jc sweetheart!
8 almonds (brilliant for calcium, in absence of dairy products)
Now add the pasta to the simmering sauce, stir for a few minutes, add the remaining basil leaves.
My throat it still tastes like house fire and salt water
we discussed possible diagnoses.
He said, ‘let us keep the feast, not with old leaven, neither with the leaven of malice and wickedness; but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth’.
My goals for 2012 are the following:
“I’d like to be alone for a minute please Jasper.” Her voice broke, and he longed to hold her, to tell her this wasn’t the way. But her mind was made up.
Min 2: “It’s Sunday, people don’t read very many blogs on Sunday, that’s a low-views day according to my stats.”
Wash meat and add to boiling water, skin, bones and all. Cook until falling off the bone. Lately we have been puttng the pot into the oven and letting it cook slowly overnight. The beef tendons should be very soft and signifcantly smaller. Take meat out of pot and chop when cool enough to handle. Strain and save liquid. Discard all bones as cook bones are brittle, often break into shards, and can cut up your dog's digestive system. Add cut up meat back into pot.
* Hong Kong University Science & Technology (Hong Kong)
What is the first thing you notice when you go to any restaurant?
a clock
At dinner, Layla was sitting across from me, and she said to MK, "Mommy and daddy were fighting and (looks at us) YOU SCARED ME!"
The smiles that i shared ,
Individuals are entitled to a 50% reduction of the capital gains on assets held for more than 12 months. Further a number of small business capital gains tax concessions may apply to the capital gain on your home – thus reducing any potential tax liability further.
Cuffed: Another Occupy activist is arrested by police during a march through midtown Manhattan
I still cant believe I haven't been home in almost a year.
For the fire, I used our X-Grill portable barbeque (see my earlier article and review), as we weren't allowed to light fires directly on the ground. We'd brought along a box of decent hardwood, my favourite hatchet and had gathered I pile of tinder and kindling from around the farm. We were also contending with 20mph winds and occasional severe gusts that routinely tipped over our camping chairs.
Fucking L when she’s on her back looking up at me, when she’s on her belly with one leg raised so I can enter her from behind, and her eyes are closed and her fingers are cupped around one breast.
Such confidence is somewhat justified. If 2011 saw the hit parade resemble an Ibiza foam party, and the rumbling sub-bass of dubstep become too loud to ignore, then no artist better defines this year’s pop climate. He’s been in the upper-echelons of the Top 40 for so long, he could probably demand squatters’ rights; with a No.1 album, Playing In The Shadows, two consecutive chart-topping singles – Changed The Way You Kiss Me and Stay Awake – and a guest appearance on Wretch 32’s Stone Roses-sampling Unorthodox, which peaked at number two.
I scored rock-star parking and sprinted through the front doors…fortunately, an attentive woman more present than I gently stopped me to complete the requisite paperwork and pay the visitor’s fee (which, at $12, beats all the facilities in Boulder). I was given a brief tour and headed to the locker rooms to switch out jeans for yoga pants.
Stuff: North versus South game could become fiasco
The Garden Intrigue by Lauren Willig
laid a substantial foundation for them to move forward.
the art is nice and noah has a hilarious personality so read this is you want to read a funny shoujo
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
Now is the time to register for the next round of the Flirty Apron Swap. If you love to sew cute and flirty aprons, this swap is for YOU!! I cannot believe how fast winter flew by, and today is the first FULL DAY of spring. Now, I know in some parts of the country, the weather still feels very cold and dreary. So, let's brighten things up with a swap!
Is it morally wrong to kill people? Not really, argue two eminent American bioethicists in an early online article in the Journal of Medical Ethics. Walter Sinnott-Armstrong, of Duke University, and Franklin G. Miller, of the National Institutes of Health believe that “killing by itself is not morally wrong, although it is still morally wrong to cause total disability”. Skipping ahead to the money quotes:
I hope this post finds you well & enjoying a FABULOUS weekend....!
And Yet The Government Still Issues “Tickets” to Vagrants…..
Because of the diversity of denominations that we represent, we do not observe communion. However, during camp and when appropriate, we mimic the Salvation Army’s “Bread and Cup Service.” Because our members are visual and tactical learners, we often use practical applications to teach the weekly lesson. In preparing this lesson, I could think of no better illustration than to have a time where our members obeyed Jesus when He said, “Do this to remember me.”
In the base of the suitcase is a tin type image of a child, a tiny frozen charlotte and a tiny real pencil. Both
Carsten Lizard-Schulz: vocals
Laura: You can still put it on your blog or on Facebook, if you want.
What’s specail about today?
Matthew Sweet
90+ IBU
Love and Acceptance
DID also backs an Oregon-type law, one which legalises assisted suicide but not euthanasia. Falconer, in contrast, tells us that his committee has concluded that the laws of Switzerland, Netherlands or Oregon would not be acceptable in Britain, yet judging by the examples he is using to argue his case his agenda seems more far-reaching than that of DID – extending to those who are chronically disabled (like Debbie Purdy) and those who would need euthanasia as opposed to assisted suicide (like Tony Nicklinson).
6) Clay Buchholz has 3 wins this season, tying him for 9th with a host of other pitchers in the MLB this season. What those other pitchers don’t have, though, is Buchholz’s 8.69 ERA. In fact, only one other pitcher of the top 36 pitchers in wins this year has an ERA over 5.00. That man, Ivan Nova (Yankees, 5.18 ERA), hasn’t lost in 15 regular-season decisions, which hasn’t happened in over 50 years.
*It is also currently the only way of embedding Google Docs (or other iframe widgets) in a free wordpress.com blog that offers full functionality.
"The leak in the Gulf of Mexico is relatively tiny compared with the size of the ocean."
I'm going to do a little confessing here. I found myself guilty of the pair-of-peepers-but-cheeseburgers-in-the-brain kind of listening the other night at church. Now that I think of it, I'm not even sure if I was looking at Pastor or not. My mind was wandering...I mean REALLY wandering. I was actually worrying and fretting over something that hadn't even happened yet. I'm very talented in the area of borrowing trouble from tomorrow. I had just finished with, "What's going to happen?" and I was moving on to, "What are we going to do about it?" when I realized I had no clue what Pastor was talking about. "Eyeballs, Jane! Pay attention!"
Yesterday was a pretty good day, all things considered. I didn't stick exactly to my liquid plan as the hunger was just too much but I did manage to maintain control over what I ate and how much and that is more than I have been able to do in a while. I expect that today will be easier. Yesterday, I had my shakes for breakfast and lunch and then I was so weak and hungry that I had some soft scrambled eggs and a banana. Dinner was as planned. I had a small thin cut ribeye steak, a small baked potato with plain Greek Yogurt, and some asparagus spears. Today I plan to have shakes for breakfast and lunch again and will try to hold out until dinner to have food. I might even be able to really do all liquids today as my stomach feels shrunken and not so hollow. If I do eat for dinner it will be either a Lean Cuisine or a chef salad with light dressing. I'm home pretty much alone today so it shouldn't be difficult to concentrate on things besides food.
If you order an emailed E-tutorial or e-pictorial then an Email with a .PDF (Portable Document Format) attachment is sent to you which you then need to download to your computer, save, and then open in Adobe Acrobat.
Here are a few excerpts. Enjoy!
The same goes for what liquids we put into your body. GM recently posted an article about this woman who drank too much Coke-Cola and it was said that her 2.6 gallon a day addiction of Coke-Cola is what brought her to her untimely death at 30 years old. The article goes onto to say that Coke-Cola will not kill you per say but that anything in excess is certainly not good for you. Truly, too much of anything is not good. After reading the article I was wondering is it really possible to drink too much water?? I found that it is, it’s mostly found in athletes and babies. I found that the average person couldn’t drink themselves sick. It requires quite a bit more than I drink in a days time. When it comes to water I always use the rule ‘half your body weight in ounces of water a day’. That’s REALLY hard to do especially when you aren’t used to it. You will spend most of the day in the bathroom, truly!
Two extra things to mention are using ‘Header Tags’ (accurate descriptions to summarize the content on a web page) properly and applying proper ‘descriptions/ file names to the images’ you will be displaying on your website. For example, PICTURE-DESCRIPTION.jpeg or PICTURE-DESCRIPTION.gif.
At 30,000 words I had this feeling neither me nor my characters would be happy if we didn’t try to get this story out there. And once I accepted that, it grew.
“By state law my children are not old enough to play at the park across the street from my house without me there. Thankfully I don’t yet have to keep them on a leash even when I am with them. I get looks from other moms because I let my girls play on thie big kid side of the playground instead of the baby/toddler side. I encourage them to do ‘dangerous’ stunts, and applaud when they pull it off. I also don’t rush over to coddle them every time they skin their knee. They know how to assess the damages and ask for a Band-Aid if it’s serious.
I stole this from my wordpress blog...since I don't think I will continue there...
Day 3 and 4 of our new beekeeping journey and we were confused. We hoped everything was right and according to the 3 books and the DVD we had purchased all should have been in order, yet something didn’t seem right to us. I mentioned earlier it seemed as if one hive was much stronger than the other…and as each day passed, it seemed stronger. They were consuming their sugar water at a rapid pace compared to the other hive who by Day 3 were barely touching theirs. Then the ants seemed to multiply on the weaker hive and I researched again….finding that sprinkling ground cinnamon around the hive would deter the ants…so this I did.
I can do all the things I normally do. I’m just depressed. If you’re going to movies, take me. I’ll sit there and be depressed and watch a movie. It’s a lot like having a wheelchair. I want to do everything I normally do, I just need some help doing it.
All five inmates were eventually released from lockdown. But one of the dancing inmates snitched on Martucci, triggering an investigation.
During the 1981 riots Enoch explained that the way to find out what was going on was to read European media because British media obfuscates the truth. Those riots he pointed out were attacks on the police. At the heart of the recent riots there were also attacks on the police which included firing at them with handguns in Birmingham. The media behave like the media in the Soviet Union where what the ideology said was happening was pushed by media rather than what was really happening. Russians were constantly told there was no crime in Russia.
is proud of its wounds, wears them
8. Favorite artist?
Fuckerflies I (2009) Acrylic and car paint on board: Charonaletto 1 December 2009
I was silent a while, sensing a mild rebuke.
“No talking to me now…I am getting my extra 10 minutes in.” I tell the bed.
Revelations include:
smoke and appeared in the banker’s pockets and then the debt in the can got
Workin' for The Man ev'ry night and day,
Thank you, again, for making me crazy.
Then he kisses the book, saying quietly: Through the words of the Gospel may our sins be wiped away.
All right, readers. Here is your assignment for the coming week: go to www.luceromusic.com and check out Lucero, then go to www.lestatmusic.com and check out Lestat, and finally, realize that words are powerful, but sometimes they aren’t enough. Sometimes nothing can save you.
So that about covers the action. Now, where are we headed? The three-horse showdown is to be expected. Ace’s plan, which is now rather clear is to sucker Mike into buying the track for himself for an outrageous sum – only casino gambling at the track will NEVER happen.So will Ace’s plan work? Will Nathan Israel have the stomach as well as the ‘cojones’ to play his role? Will Turo step up and do the right thing? Will Walter lose his horse?
If the sad sacks hired by your competition finish with a whimper, odds are they’ve been slackers for the whole event. And, it doesn’t matter if they’ve got a fancier, much more expensive display than yours.
Hank: You've thought about this.
2 tablespoons butter, chilled and cut into small pieces
Cyrus Sanati – CNN Money/Fortune, 12/19/2011
Olson said they’re now using the protein to develop an obesity drug that might also be used to combat high cholesterol and Type 2 Diabetes. But researchers say that drug is still a long way from even being tested
Mathematics is an ecology that would not benefit from having everyone compete directly against everyone else all the time. Emerging research areas often grow in small niches first before hitting it big time. A less fashionable area might carve out a bit of room for itself – and thus live to see the day when it becomes fashionable again. (Additive number theory comes to mind.) A centrally planned megasystem might recreate the complex environment that we have now, or it might not. And if mathematicians in some area felt that they were getting the short end of the stick… why, they might even come up with the idea of having a specialized journal for themselves! That’s why I wouldn’t really expect such a centralized system to last very long, even if people could be convinced to buy into it in the first place, which is not likely.
8. Care Bears- “Whose that coming from somewhere up in the sky”
Some say I think all use of other animals is wrong but I support those boycotts. Those campaigns don’t say that all use is wrong; they imply that particular use is wrong. Why don’t promote what you think. And it doesn’t matter what you personally think about use of other animals. What does matter is what general public sees when you advocate for those campaigns. And people are doing those campaigns instead of veganism education. Why? Maybe because people cannot handle the truth of inherent immorality of all use of nonhuman animals, right. No, they can handle the truth. Doing unequivocal vegan advocacy helps all animals.
In a very small space between the hands
I hope all is well in your corner of the world and that you're having a beautiful weekend.
Wow! There are several ideas that are new to me – sun art, floating candles, bird feeders! I don’t intend to do tutorials on them right now but there are a few I am dying to try so keep an eye out for them on buggalcrafts sometime in the future (and I said it WAS almost the end of the series!).
A little of both, i like the morning but its getting up thats the issue
Thank you to everyone who has supported me along the way, to everyone who has welcomed me home with open arms. None of this would have been possible without you.
Add ground beef mixture, beef stock, tomato sauce, and tomato paste. Cover and cook over medium-low heat for 15 minutes.
Recently, Trey's lease on his car ended and we decided to be a little more thrifty so instead of getting him a new car, he downgraded to my Xterra and I downgraded to one of the summer work vans! Minivans aren't necessarily considered cool, but they're probably even less cool when you don't even have kids to put in them. Here's what I'm cruising in these days...
About a Boy -- Cute, and I liked that Hugh's romance is almost an afterthought in the movie, and he doesn't fall in love with the boy's mother -- 3 hearts
But like anything else, there are distinctions between some awful contemporary pieces from the big box chain stores, and the excellent antique or vintage pieces.
I can't believe I haven't posted any thing in a month! And now I discover Blogger has changed......and oh how I hate tech changes!!! My head hurts already. :)
The devastation of three hurricanes…destroyed much of this home…. But not it’s family or it’s soul.
Example, think library late fees. Nobody takes these seriously because, well, worst case scenario, you pay 15 cents. By the way, the one of the biggest jerk move is when someone pays their library late fee with a $20 bill. The librarian has to open up the empty cash register, sigh, and confess they can’t make change therefore cancelling the 10 cent fee.
Would the novelty of kaiten-zushi draw you in for a bite to eat?
Lockout, in many respects, feels like a love letter to cheesy, old-fashioned action filmmaking. It’s an idea brought to us by EuropaCorp’s Luc Besson, probably one of the most beloved action filmmakers in French cinema, who has been responsible for several well-received action films in North American markets as well, among them Taken and The Transporter. The premise comes off as a bizarre experiment to combine the cliched action movie playbook with shards of a backdrop that you might see in a video game plotline, and the result, much like the lead characters, are full of seemingly heterogenous parts that somehow come together into an appealing whole. I normally really enjoy Besson’s films, and as such, I was pretty interested in Lockout, finally going along with a friend I hadn’t seen in a while to see what the fuss was about, in hopes that it would also start warming me up for this Fall’s release of Taken 2. The movie was scorned by many critics, especially considering its tendency to borrow ideas from other films like it, but I decided to treat the movie as a hommage rather than a derivation, which I think was the intended direction that the filmmakers were trying to go with. Even if the movie comes off as a clone to you though, there’s still enough parts of it that work to make it a light, breezy watch if you’re a fan of action B-movies. Even if several of the plot elements are indeed derivative, they’re saved by a script that’s sharper than you’d probably expect, as well as the lead performances of Guy Pearce and Maggie Grace, which are better than they have any right to be in a movie like this. Budgeted at a microscopic $20 million, Lockout has a very limited amount of resources to work with, and you need to manage your expectations accordingly if you’re interested in seeing it. If you can do that though, the movie will probably entertain you more than you’d expect as long as you’re willing to let it do so. I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again; I’d rather a movie was entertaining over wholly original, and Lockout may not be the latter, but it manages to be the former. Yes, it’s pretty disposable, and I doubt it will have the lasting value of much of Besson’s best works like Taken, Leon or La Femme Nikita, but I’d be lying if I said that I wasn’t repeatedly amused throughout Lockout’s runtime. Granted though, this is because I didn’t take the film too seriously, and frankly, I don’t think it wants to be taken too seriously. This is another really simple movie to break down and talk about, at least for me. One of my regular readers actually wrote an incredible post fully analyzing and critiquing every iota of what went into Lockout’s storyline, and how it spoke to her own sensibilities as a writer. She’s very, very talented, because I could never draw that much from a movie this lightweight as far as action films go, especially since she actually managed to justify Lockout actually NOT just being dumb fun as it seems to set out to be. So, I guess there is stuff to analyze here if you really want to look for it, and as usual, Besson exercises his panache for maximizing the potential out of tiny details to make his outwardly low-grade movies more than low-grade. For most just in it for the action filmmaking playbook though, Lockout marks a forgettable, but fun film to scratch your cheesy action fix, should that be a fix you have.
Here we’ve got two pounds of supermarket ground turkey (try to buy the not so fat-free grade, like the 7 percent fat version — if you buy the 99 percent stuff, hit it with a small dollop of bacon fat or some olive oil in order to prevent it from drying out on the grill) to which we have added our seasoning base, a nice dollop of French mustard, some Kosher salt and fresh ground pepper, a hit of Soy Sauce, and the secret ingredient…
In less than a month of life, her name has been pronounced "Carries," "Cahr-is," "Carrots," "Um, how do you say this?," and inexplicably "Paris*." It's been spelled Caris, Karis, Kerris, and Karys.
The amount of time that I spend in Greece each year seems to be increasing and just this year it will sum up to six weeks. This also means dramatically increased amount of time spent over a Greek frappe someplace in the shade, letting my thoughts carry me away. And, curiously, weird and diverse thoughts tend to originate or at least pass through my brain over numerous frappes here in Greece, from taking radical steps into the unknown, to intercultural theories or revelations of the secret of Greek men. I am starting to believe good old Greek philosophers drank a lot of frappe as well.
She closed her eyes calling his name out loud,
539 of
let alone acquaintances.
The site also contains other information on things like aspartame and flouride.
The Winter of Our Discontent by John Steinbeck. Sure, Of Mice and Men, The Red Pony, and The Grapes of Wrath get all the attention and accolades. But this book is my favorite by Steinbeck. The machinations of a good man using questionable means to rise to the expectations of others are brilliantly conceived and executed. And I love a good redemption story.
Red Chilly - 1 small
See links on the right for some great new reviews of Dead Boy Talking.
The first update was from Ann with Red Threads China who sent Jon Jon his package. We asked 10 questions that his Foster family answered.
The conference was organized by Kundra and Sen. Tom Carper (D-Del.) to address the future of cloud computing in the federal government.
10Blessed are those who are persecuted because of righteousness,
“She was born with her eyes closed and a word on her tongue, a word she could not taste. Her name was Anidori-Kiladra Talianna Isilee, Crown Princess of Kildenree, and she spent the first years of her life listening to her aunt’s stories and learning the language of the birds, especially the swans. And when she was older, she watched as a colt was born, and she heard the first word on his tongue, his name, Falada.
The Revelations to Come in Physics
Edit: Lynard Skynard said, “turn it up,” so I did.
“The news!” he exclaims. “I’ll tell you what the fucking news is! The students have been rioting! Swarms of them took to the streets, defacing monuments and hurling flower pots. Can you imagine wasting good flower pots like that? It’s a good thing it’s not summer, or the streets would be stinking with their horrible fucking body odour!”
Common Evening Primrose 4.26.12
I am beginning to wondering if I am starting to become one of those philosopher types that are only speaking, writing and teaching and preaching instead of taking action. I sometimes think those guys just banged their head a bit too much and couldn’t gather their thoughts anymore.
Think about it; this is a film directed Lawrence Kasdan and starring Diane Keaton, Kevin Kline, Dianne Wiest, Richard Jenkins and other pretty great actors. You’d think this would be a good movie, or at the very least a decent one, and instead we get this utterly forgettable and lifeless affair. Ugh. It sucks because these actors are still very competent even with such crappy material, and Ms. Keaton and Mr. Kline do their best at bringing some life into Beth and Joseph, a married couple; she’s super warm-hearted and yet is feeling really lonely because her husband, a back surgeon, is just this serious and uptight sort of repressed man.
I divided the remaining 1/4 of icing and split it into 2 bowls. One I dyed yellow, the other light purple. I used a Wilton Tip #2D. Before piping the flower on top of the cupcake, I made a few practice flowers to get a sense of the pressure to use and just how it worked in general.
Alice arrived at the flat in Islington and letting out a deep sigh she walked towards the front door of the ground flat where Monica and Alice lived. She braced herself as she knocked on the door and waited.
Recently, I submitted an essay to a Toronto newspaper. Imagine my shock when my inbox registered one new email from an editor Saturday morning.
broken jaw
What are your experiences with rental cars? Anything creative? Let me know.
You’re different
As my Mother had said, without much kindness...
I am a closeted potty mouth. As in when I am in an enclosed space surrounded by moronic motorists, the words really start flying. Or if I am typing in cyberland I guess, but my kids can't read curse words yet so I think I am good.
“I’m sorry, Glorianna,” he’d said. “It’s not good. It’s spread to your lungs and liver very fast.” She wasn’t surprised, and had said so. Her breathing hadn’t felt right for a while now, and even the kids had noticed the yellow eyes. She’d joked about eating too much custard, but they weren’t stupid. Not her kids. Then he’d dropped the bombshell of hope.
I'm hopeful that we may actually get some planting done next week.
One of the oldest tactics is to provoke the victim in order to blame the victim…. The crowd had ample time to be violent if it wanted to. There was no sense of violence. It was a festive celebratory experience of the people – until the point came at the very end of it. And I do believe the provocation was perhaps planned in order to create images that would play well with … officially oriented media.
Saturday morning Ryann requested to go to the pet store, so we did. A cheap indoor zoo is always a good plan. On the way home she was being a goober in the car. When she woke up from nap she said to me, "Mama, I don't want snack. I just want to paint." Well alrighty then. Later that evening we went to Target for new pillows, and Ryann sprinted through the aisles like a crazy person. You would think we keep her caged up or something, she was nuts.
once we took the crying boy away,
It was a long road getting there though, let me tell you! I decided to whip up the batter and let it sit in the fridge overnight after a botched experiment with making blueberry ganache for an upcoming foodie challenge given by The Daring Kitchen, and failed infusion of lavender in cream had gotten the better of me. Convinced that my kitchen mojo was waning, but not wanting it to get the better of me, I set everything aside and pulled out some dusty faith out of the cupboard, dusted it off and got to work.
but would I suggest it to others?
Ink: Chocolate Chip, Wild Wasabi
I really enjoyed this run. I hope we can plan to make this happen at least once or twice a week. If I keep at it, I will surely get used to the early morning wake up, right? How do you early birds do it? Any suggestions would be great!
He look down. Oh right, he remembered, I’m a badass with a badass housecoat. Look at me &$^#, I’m fabulous.
using triangles.
Net income rose 7.9 percent to $2.05 billion, from $1.9 billion a year earlier. CEO Muhtar Kent’s introduction of smaller package size might have had something to do with it. The smaller sized products have attracted price-conscious consumers, in part of an effort to spur sales in North America, where the soft drink industry has been on a seven year decline.
I take a lot of painkillers. My daily medication currently consists of 9 different pills of varying strengths.
While she’s getting her hair done, we see Ki Joon on a marriage date and he’s clearly taking it seriously. It looks like he does want to get married and even if he might not be looking for romance, he wants a partner. Speaking of marriage, it’s time for the famed lie to begin. As Ah Jung reads the article, in walks her dearest (or worst) friend who’s so happy to see her. Not because she wants to catch up but because it gives her a precious chance to brag about her life and look down on our heroine. So Ah Jung is looking like crap while her frenemy, Yoo So Ran, is dressed to the hilt so she shows off her husband who clearly has a history with Ah Jung and they do that irritating thing where married couples ask about your love life.
4th Ave & Highbury St – 10:16am
Well, to make myself feel better, I'll show you this super adorable music video. Just because I love nerd Taylor:)
Today the universe rewarded me with the best cut I have ever had. I tried out a new hairdresser, went with my hair styled and told her what I wanted. She is so cool and I nearly gave her a hug after what a good job she did. From bowl cut to the coolest mullet ever. No photos yet because it does need time to grow into itself. Just like all good mullets.
And now, let's welcome Rose to the blog to give us a really sweet guest post. Trust me, its amazingly sweet, I almost cried after reading it. I guess its just everything I want to have in the future!
I had better stop here and get some sleep. I will add some more photos later on today. I am waiting for some to upload to Your Paper Pantey. I did a mini album bi-monthly swap with Shanta Newby and made a gatefold paper bag mini.
The Government’s recent changes to the Reporting of Injuries, Diseases and Dangerous Occurrences Regulations (RIDDOR) will mean that employers only have to report injuries that keep workers away from their normal duties for more than seven consecutive days – an increase from the previous three-day reporting period. We should therefore expect a reduction in the number of accidents reported. The HSE estimates there will, as a result, be 30,000 fewer reports a year.
He referred to the pictures of him and Sun-Jae circulating around the Net and the local entertainment rags.
- Old School
My little guy is going on nine and is already engaged in reading and talking (or should I say lecturing?) about environmental issues such as recycling, the oil spill, and alternative energy: if he could stand up in front of a group of people and give the impassioned speech he gave on the above-mentioned subjects to his carpool mate in the backseat on the way to school this morning, he could well get more people to start hounding Congress and private research entities for affordable clean alternatives. Yet I hesitated to get this book because of its frightening implications...
What I suggest is Love. Love for everyone, every body type. It is DNA and choices that make up a body type and hatred of any type is prejudice an ill hearted. I will encourage you to do something for me, for yourself and the world our children will inhabit. I encourage you to tell someone the opposite body type as you that they are beautiful. Allow this love to protrude from you like a shining light.
That is the law of nature.
While I was there I also bought some new shoes. My old ones had holes in the toes, so it was time. And I found some awesome sturdy moccasins on sale! It was like a head-to-toe transformation, basically! I feel like a new woman now. Instead of a frumpy Mom, I feel like a trendy and confident woman. It's amazing what a new hairstyle and some cute shoes will do.
with the fruit she loved and longed for...and from across the sea came little gifts and cheerful letters, seeming to bring breaths of warmth and fragrance from lands that knew no winter.
Europe – the northern portion of it, certainly – is like a plague zone.
Philip went down to a city in Samaria and proclaimed the Christ there. When the crowds heard Philip and saw the miraculous signs he did, they all paid close attention to what he said. With shrieks, evil spirits came out of many, and many paralytics and cripples were healed. So there was great joy in that city (Acts 8:5-8).
Me (thinking to myself): I'm not even wearing khakis... and we aren't in the shopping district .....and there is no gap within a mile of where I am walking. (These thoughts flash through my mind as I try and keep my face as calm and unperturbed as possible.)
With but one minute on the clock, Jenny gets the short kick and puts a boot to it, feeding Emma, who dodges, twists and moves, shaking it loose to send it to Evelyn. Evelyn cranks it and delivers a thunderous shot into the back of the net to tie the game.
I have to tell you something, entertaining stuff, not sure what to make of it. I worked at a certain New York trade publishing house some years ago and remember quite clearly a manuscript that was on my boss’ desk called INNOCENCE TURNED DEADLY by Robert Duncan O’Finioan about some super secret agent/soldier fighting the bad guys and having been created by the government. The book proposed to be the first volume in a series. My boss found it to be an interesting premise but the manuscript was (1) too short for commercial publishing and (2) badly written.
Yoochun move slowly at first but when he heard his wife moan in pleasure he fasten his pace. Junsu’s body bounce front and back on the bed as Yoochun trust into his hard and fast.
Sea Cottage Tidings,
Off I went, and I was going crazy trying to figure out what I was going to do. I finally got the idea to buy some sugar babies, a onesie, a baby bedtime book, and a t-shirt for myself to take weekly pictures in. I put it all in a blue bag with pink tissue paper!
Me: Hello.
Wednesday Night TV on ABC
Five lame-ass zings
More bumbling random ramblings from Mondo and me, plus an array of top toons to enjoy. The 'theme' for this show is 'Summer', enabling us to bring you ten sunny delights... sort of!
Good. Now you’ve got some goals; some things you know you want to change. But one of the biggest problems for people when setting SMART goals is the T: Time-sensitive. They just can’t answer for themselves one big question: when!?! When will you hit that goal by? - and as they start trying to answer the question of when the excuses and “reasons” start popping up (reason is just code for excuse, right?).
RPG’s in particular are driven by the twin engines of progression through content and improvement of your character’s abilities. These are the yin and yang of WoW. Each brings about the other, and conversely, neither is possible without the other working in counterpoint. And when either is missing, the game stops. Steady progression through content rewards the player with commensurate bonuses to her character sheet, and those increases to the character’s power level allow for further progression into increasingly difficult content (without requiring any sudden jumps in player skill). The bulk of this essay discusses how modern WoW has broken away from this bedrock, detaching progress and upgrades from each other. In doing so, they have ousted the player from his position at the helm of his own gaming experience.
Banner should be a conflicted hero, as should most of Marvel’s characters. But Marvel’s writers seem to interpret ”conflicted” as “massive, irredeemable douchebag.” This was after all, was the company that in their Civil War arc decided that heroism meant that Tony Stark should become a fascist dictator of the Marvel Universe, imprisoning people in an unstable dimension without due process or access to lawyers. Read Civil War again, Marvel advocates fascism as heroism, while Captain America who fights for fundamental American values is made to look like the asshole, especially in the Frontline tie-ins.
“How?” You may ask.
#TigerAMF is happening on last Saturday at Sunway Lagoon, I would like to tell you guys that it is very crowded and pack with full of people! The crowd is unbelievable you see, and I will make this post as simple as possible alright!
During the time that Hunter's heart problems were detected, doctors also discovered Jennifer had an unknown heart condition, and the twins she was carrying were likely to have a heart a condition as well.
The Standard tier of PayPal payments is free for businesses to use. The Advanced tier adds the ability for customers to pay for purchases without leaving your website for $5 per month, and the Pro tier lets you design and host your own checkout pages for full control, as well as accept credit card via phone, fax, and mail.
Maybe this is the fundament of why I go on exploring language and literature. In the written and spoken word I find the signposts that guide me through life’s maze. Language is my oxygen.
Hetepu Family,
Play amongst yourselves, I'm heading back to Sunnydale.
South Carolina – 28.5 percent, 29.0 percent
A friend told me how much he loves them & I see so many other running friends who just cant speak enough about them. I figured I would try them.. especially because I hate running shoes on the treadmill - they just feel 'clunky' on them so that's going to be a starting point for me. I'm definitely sticking with my Saucony's for the race in 2 weeks.
Border on top/bottom – Alternating scotch (Kreinik 5555 and Impressions 1144)
How much of a demonstration (or a ‘show’ – now – my life?) is needed?
are baking the dough on a pizza stone, you may place your toppings on the dough, and bake immediately. If you are baking your pizza in a pan, lightly oil the pan, and let the dough rise for 15 or 20 minutes before topping and baking it.
Source: Chinese Films
See? It totally works, and who cares if I am more suspicious of my coworkers than I should be. Maybe I SHOULD be suspicious. Better safe than sorry.
We packed a picnic lunch and drove out onto the beach facing the waves. We listened to a podcast of a sermon by Art Azurdia who is the pastor at Trinity Church in Portland.
The principle of The Shout is fairly straight forward. You buy yourself and your mate a beer. When you have finished your beers, your mate buys a beer for himself and one for you, in return. If there are more than just you and your mate in The Shout, then the beer total needs to be adjusted accordingly. The number of beers bought in each Shout is equal to the number of drinkers in The Shout. Simple. But, like most things in life, The Shout has traditions and responsibilities that must not be messed with.
I will be back later with sneak peeks from some fab stamps and a really great cd. So I hope you can come back and see.
In any case, I’m thrilled that the shared bike program is coming. There’s nothing dreamier than pedaling around the city you love.
Shallow Falls is immediately upstream from Suislide Falls. It drops from 15 to 20 feet, and I was able to get a pretty good shot of it with my telephoto lens. I would like to do some bushwhacking around this waterfall as well, but that, too, will have to wait for another time.
Everyone, do yourself a favour and instead of Tweeting your every banal, misshaped thought on the Internet and instead of constantly consuming entertainment as if it were an addiction. Stop. Think.
It's the time for plan making: making plans.
Here's our Miss Alice in her favourite chair by our bay window. Just look at that little tummy of hers! This certainly is a picture of total relaxation. Alice makes the most adorable little sounds when she sleeps, almost like snoring.
on Broadway above the tunnel
Looking over the wad of words I just typed about the film's unique approach to lighting, part of me wishes I had just said: I liked the way the film was lit, and moved on. But that's not my style, man. The need to convey my love for this film's lurid cinematography in a manner that allowed me to express my true feelings without having to put any self-imposed restrictions on myself was paramount. The only criticism I can think of is that I failed to use to word "lingerie" in my opening salvo. It plays an important role throughout this generous dollop of Reagan-era sleaze, and to not mention even once was a gross oversight on my part.
This release contains many bug fixes and some new applications. The binary packages could be installed with the installer by using the version “stable 4.4.0″ (or “stable latest”). In case you are upgrading your KDE installation, deselect the skip basic settings checkbox on the first installer page and press next until you are guided to the release settings page, where you can choose the required version.
Guy Pearce is a punching bag. He is a man without a past, able to negotiate with or win against authority. This lanky figure, under the shadows of independent cinema, portrays movies’ masculine myths, sleuth, cowboy, king, explorer, diver, fishing on both good and evil. He says your insecurities loud enough for you to hear. I referenced at least five of his movies but he relives them all in the Luc Besson-incepted and Stephen St. Leger and James Mather-directed sci-fi Lockout, a movie set in 2079, while wearing a women’s sized medium graphic tee to expose his veiny biceps, telling audiences he’s not too old to play the Hollywood game of Commonwealth actors working out on the gym to get leading roles. He’s passable as a sellout but let’s be honest, he bagged this role because Hugh Jackman was busy and Pearce wants to buy a condo and put kids through college.
There is also a danger to Muslim women. Some religious authorities in Muslim communities have forbidden Muslims to marry out of the Muslim community. Why? If a Muslim marries a non-Muslim woman, and since a Muslim woman is only allowed to marry a Muslim man – who will she marry? If all the men go off and find themselves Western blondes to marry, our own daughters – Fatma, ‘Aisha, and so and so – will find no one to marry.
Love is open on your house
I am grateful for her love, pure and simple
This romance ebook video synopsis, is brought to you by Laura Meets Jeffrey, a brand new adult romance ebook featuring the love and romance exploits of Laura and Jeffrey during the fun loving ’70s. adult ebook .
I had no dizzy spells.
If you look deeply into the palm of your hand, you will see your parents and all generations of your ancestors. All of them are alive in this moment. Each is present in your body. You are the continuation of each of these people. ~ unknown
My Weight Watchers Leader plugged this nifty little virtual tour to fitness! It's really fun...okay I just started yesterday, but it's fun. It is done through AARP. You get an old vintage car, and start your "trip" in Chicago and as you exercise and log it in, you gain miles and lose weight toward your goal! It can be any exercise! Go and check it out here.
On the bright side, doing
They both turned off their headlights when I got to the end of the first field. The moon gave me just enough light to see the remaining corn stalks I had to jump.
By the way, these were all taken with my new Iphone. The old-fashioned looking ones with an app called Hipstamatic and the wider ones with Pano.
of moving more deeply into the scene: the Magdalene
Even with this conviction, once I decided to make veggie burgers for my challenge, I was still hesitant with the fear that I wouldn't be able to find a really good recipe that would help me prove myself. I looked through dozens of pictures, recipes, and blogposts, before I found the one that called my name. It was just meant to be. :) This recipe comes from a favorite blogger of mine, the wonderful Angela, of Oh She Glows. This is one awesome girl, people, check out her blog! I have a great trust in Angela's recipes and this one just sounded WAY too good to pass up!
I tend to think about things quite a bit before I act on something that impacts my life greatly. It took me a while to decide to file bankruptcy but it was the best choice for me. Giving up my house in my bankruptcy was hard but was also a good idea. Now the thought of owning a home gets me all stressed out. So where am I going to live? I’m so tempted to just get a small camper trailer and just hook it up to my car & take off as soon as I can, since it’ll just be me. (And cats)
It is important to be aware of water availability at your campsite and to prepare for the situation. Even if your campground has readily available water, a backup plan should also be in place. Be sure to bring enough water for at least two days for each person and each horse. Some horses do not like the taste of different water sources and may not drink what is available. In such cases, it is a good idea to have some apple juice, grated carrots or even to dunk the horse’s hay into water.
Last week it may have been the Grebes that were taking centre stage but yesterday and today it the Oystercatchers that have it. They know its spring and they are telling every one else.
What a week it has been.
(5) But when He will have judged the righteous, He will also tent them with fire. These persons whose sins will exceed their good works either in weight or in number will be scorch by the fire and burned. However those who are filled with complete justice an d maturity will not feel this fire. For they have something of God in them that repels and rejects the violence of the flame.
Alternate history webcomic about an Africa that never existed, one run by steel and springs, commanded by vast matriarchies and past the height of its culture.
Finally, the relatively level 100 Skyrim ability all upgraded and faster times to determine how to be the ultimate dragon slayer. Never again myself struggling to raise your skills and find a really high level of technology they want and need to feel yourself getting frustrated at the slowness of the.
What a cute dress this is! I love the colors and the print, and to top it off, it fell all the way down to my knees...it's so hard to find dresses that have all three of those things in common! It's listed as being 38.5" long but I would guess it's more like 40" to be honest with how long it was on me. I tried this on in a size 2 and would stick with that. I'd say it fits TTS. I could honestly have possibly sized down to a 0 since it was pull-on styling, but I wouldn't want to lose the length. I would style this dress with a cardigan and a belt on top, and sandals or pumps on my feet. There really are a lot of possibilities. My friend tried this on with a yellow cardigan in the dressing room and it looked so cute! This dress looks so much better with a belt on, so I threw on a random belt the SA gave me to use. This particular belt is not my favorite with the dress, but with one that matches better, it would be so perfect. Totally digging this dress and would love to add it to my closet. Wish listed!
Could I be an old scroll or far ahead of my time
The following day was the Cremation Ceremony. I didn't go, partially because I didn't know if it was open to the public or not - despite the fact that there was a sign with all the info - and partially because I didn't want to handle my neighbour's bones with chopsticks. After cremation, family and friends pick the bones out with chopsticks. Sometimes, they pass them from one person's chopsticks to another, which is why it's considered a faux pas to pass food chopstick to chopstick.
It's really cool to think about the positions and roles in this book and how they would affect our love lives if we applied them in real life. It's an experiment I plan on putting to the test soon ;)
Disclosure: I received Hasbro toy samples for review purposes only; no other compensation was received for this post. All opinions expressed are my own.
The Bell:
And failed at a miracle
Katarina Witt
We decided to have a quiet day today as he walked over three miles yesterday and may do the same tomorrow. So today was the day of wandering around town. This actually meant that we spent about 7 hours walking with a couple of breaks. Ah, the quiet life.
Dudu Pukwana grew up studying piano in his family, but in 1956 he switched to alto sax after meeting tenor sax player Nick Moyake. In 1962, he won first prize at the Johannesburg Jazz Festival with Moyake's Jazz Giants (1962 Gallo/Teal). Chris McGregor then invited him to join the pioneering Blue Notes sextet where he played along with Mongezi Feza, Nikele Moyake, Johnny Dyani and Louis Moholo. Although The Blue Notes are often considered McGregor's group, Pukwana was initially the principal composer and all the group members had pivotal roles.
it help in reducing kapha, increases appetite,healps in healing ajeerna,helps to cure the distress caused due to flatulance or the gas problem,anorexia .Hence we havyaka people use it in form of a simple side dish called thambuli. This is used at the beginning of a meal to increase the appetite as well as to enhance the digestion.
This is why somebody needs to give the top wallies in Whitehall a hard slap, and very quickly – because while ironically MOR politics please the markets, they don’t do drastic very well. And drastic is what we need.
“No. Yes! Susan, you know I don’t wear anything pink. Change it to gray.” Then his eyes bugged. “Jesus! You gave me red shoes with bows on them. You made me look gay! Are you trying to be funny?”
Peter took a sip from his drink. “Yes, Dad, I am,” he muttered. His cell phone rang. It was a henchman calling. A very important henchman with very important connections. Connections who put a lot of money into Frauen Pharmaceuticals and Peter’s back pocket.
She said "Yes! I would! I'd be Alice in Wondersock!"
I thought: "WTF?" But then, reconsidered that thought: "They look so adorable!"
Right now, we are working on eliminating useless stuff. Being a student, you tend to accumulate lots of paper, books and donation from family members. Right now, our spare bedroom is full of those undesirable items ( Imagine trying to work in your office/guest room with your christmas tree, bulk food items and tons of old textbooks in the way). It makes for a really ugly room that my nieces and nephews don’t really like sleeping in when they visit. In the next apartment, since we have two spare bedrooms, we will try to make beautiful spaces. One will be a guest bedroom and the other our office and tv room. To be able to do this, we have to get rid of a lot of things. Hopefully, we will have a garage space in the yard.
Also one of my friends on Twitter is doing a ‘Music Months’ thing which is pretty cool. You basically just lay out the music you have been listening to for the past month and say something about it if you wish. I’m lame and extremely forgetful so I missed February. I’m pondering my March list…
My husband is cross with me. On this occasion, unusually, he could actually be right. It really was a stupid conversation to get into. I mean, if you were being driven across London, hot-bed of religious retribution, in a black Mercedes mini-cab, by a total stanger (as mini-cab drivers usually are) would you get into a conversation about religion?
Ambrose Joshua Smith s/o Christopher III & Catherine Snelson
Apart from that I have a few other things happening on the cupcake front - I have finally had a logo designed and will do a separate post on that... also I have been given a recipe for eggless cupcakes, which are often requested for Hindu wedding cupcakes. Looking forward to test that out!
So I go to my profile to see what’s going on or to add something. Up pops a window telling me to link some dumbass inpertinent pages to my work and school references.. They weren’t even close. Same thing with my Likes and hobbies section…
clean = need to clean - viscous cycle -UGH Bleh UGH
Survival – Life
The Walk the Plank Tour Featuring THE CLASSIC CRIME
Owning music is so 20th century.
Some people found the eco undertones too scolding. But the question of what happens to trash is a big part of young education so was understood surprisingly by my cousins, the undertones did stay undertones though and never overshadowing the endlessly renewable entertainment of WALL-E’s plucky protagonist & carefully, comically choreographed physical humor. I have never enjoyed a movie which is mainly without speech but this was done very well.
Unlike most guys that I know, I made a decission some years ago, that it was a good idea to actually go to a doctor whenever I was suffering from unexplained symptoms.
“For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.” Audrey Hepburn
Sleeping to the solstice, heat rising,
(973) 285-5555
These shoes were samples so they do have small flaws, but otherwise they're wonderful. The black beauties exceeded my expectations on quality, since the faux leather feels sturdy and they're surprisingly comfy! The skull laced shoes aren't as practical as their black sisters, but those details are to die for. I was surprised to find the print's quality better than I expected, but I still might leave these sweeties home on wild party nights or downpour days.
Farting as entertainment.
New crochet-hoopy-circles sorted.
Hope your Holidays are Merry & Bright!!
The only reason my body should ever expect to have to run a couple miles as fast as it can is because someone got run over by the combine and I am getting them help.
Deadline: February 2nd
HATONN: PRINCESS DIANA’S MURDER
Hague and his poor wife deserve a lot more respect, politicians or not and what the hell the wife of that pompous idiot Bercow has to offer I do not know. Presumably she is a paid up member of the luvvie left like Kearney herself...
However, comparing the price I paid for rentals versus the price of new showshoes on the internet, if my kids used them TWICE it would have been more cost effective to have just bought them. Plus, the rentals at the Nordic center don't come with poles. They don't have any collapsible or kid-sized poles. Most of the snowshoes for sale online come with poles. Given the snow that dumped around our house this week and the 3 snow days the boys had off of school, I'm sure they would have used them just to walk around outside the house this week.
Stamps: Sassy Studio Designs - Queen Gorgo Digital Image
When we closely examine what transpired at the beginning of Jesus’ public ministry, one of His first acts was to call disciples to Himself (Matt 4:18-22; Mark 1:16-20; Luke 5:1-11; John 1:35-51). This wasn’t our Lord’s way of making a “posse” or gathering “groupies.” Jesus was actually following the will of the Father. During Jesus’ prayer in John 17:6 we read, “I have manifested Your name to the people whom You gave Me out of the world. Yours they were, and You gave them to Me, and they have kept Your word.” Jesus took charge of the role the Father had called Him to take care of. Jesus assumed the mantle of disciplemaker, and spent the next 3 years of His life committed to teaching them.
When designing SF tech to populate a SF world, it’s better not to think about technology. It’s actually better to think about people. What problems do we have, and how can we use technology to solve them?
1 flipping
Nicole has a handy group of girl friends, and each of us took on a small part of the wedding planning. I had the pleasure of designing the invitations and doing the wedding flowers. Nicole loves bright red and aqua, so she and I worked together to come up with an invitation that would represent her vintage inspired colors and decor, while keeping it clean and simple.
He had a Thai waffle with peanut sauce and spiralized veggies on top. I had the Hot Mess, sourdough with veggie chorizo and pesto tofu scrambled with jalapenos. They were both fantastic and with bold flavors. We love adventurous food! Perfect for a special Sunday treat.
We are having our annual Superbowl get together with friends this evening so I'm off to eat some "not so healthy" food, hrm, I mean watch the game !
From Ghazi Air Base in Pakistan, modified MH-60 helicopters flew to the suburb of Abbottabad, where Bin Laden’s acre-large million dollar compound was located, about 30 miles from the center of Islamabad. Aboard these helicopters were Navy SEALS, tactical signals, intelligence collectors, and navigators using highly classified hyperspectral imagers. After a 40 minute firefight, 22 people were killed or captured and the face of terror, Osama bin Laden, was shot dead. He took two shots to the left side of his face. His body was placed aboard the choppers that made the trip back. His DNA was later matched to DNA taken from one of his sisters who had died of brain cancer in Boston. There were no injuries or casualties among the SEAL team.
“What we need to do during these blue periods is to accept responsibility for our feelings and begin to take care of ourselves.” Pg 53
The significance of what’s going on in Spain is a case in point. The Spanish Civil War in 1935-6 was a portent of what we could expect from the Nazis after 1939. Once more, 76 years later, the country represents a pivotal stage in the world’s drift into mute acceptance of the will of a tiny group of diseased minds.
"Why are our cups made of wood?" I ask her in Latin.
For some, bringing out truth, freedom and power...for some... hiding truth or layering it as a disguise.
Edwin Black has now uncovered one of the last great mysteries of Germany’s war against the Jews — how did Hitler get the names?
My prayer today -- May the Holy Spirit touch the hearts of man, that they embrace the call to suffer for sake of their neighbor and family and church, as Christ has suffered for us. In Jesus name, Amen.
And here’s an interesting bit of giraffe information gleaned on our early morning bush drive – and it’s not a tall story! Giraffes always have to be upwind from the acacia trees on which they are grazing. Evidently, as soon as the giraffe begins to feed on a particular acacia tree, the tree starts to pump alkaloids into its leaves - which taste nasty and are poisonous to the giraffe. In addition, the tree releases a chemical “signal” into the air, which tells all the other acacia trees downwind that it is “injured” and all those trees then start to pump alkaloids into their leaves to deter “attack”. So giraffes have learned to graze upwind of the trees and to graze against the wind. Who’d have thought getting a bit of leafy dinner could be so fraught!
And also catch Ny supporting Plan B on his forthcoming tour:
It’s truly been a life changing and trusty old friend. My Montane Featherlite smock, an original piece in a fetching blue, has finally been resigned to walking history. It may get used on the mountain bike on muddy days but it’s time as THE ‘go to’ garment for outdoor outings has passed. Even at the last however, it hasn’t let me down. Quite stupidly, I forgot to change the temperature setting on the washing machine and the poor old thing had to endure an 80 Celsius wash. An Arcteryx top gave up the ghost, a Saloman shirt disintingrated but the Featherlite came out much the same as it went in… minus a few shades of blue.
Last night she went out with her cousin Chelsea. As she was walking out the door, she said she'd either be home "later" or stay the night at the friend's they were headed to. I opened my mouth to request a rather more specific plan, and to go through my usual magical-thinking routine of questions designed to reassure me that she would be safe.
Hello lovely people
I still would never be able to finish all of the things
Here’s what Travel + Leisure said about PHL: Philadelphia’s airport is singled out for a lousy design and lack of cleanliness (20th), surly staff (20th), and long check-in and security lines (20th). The only thing worse is waiting for your bags, ranked 21st in efficiency (make that inefficiency). That its location came in at 13th is not much consolation.
The clearest voices I've caught are listed here:
And on my students, who are writing what they know: Living in Foxcomm dorm as a line worker. Being the left-behind lonely child of a migrant worker. Seeing your best friend’s dad jailed for corruption. Astonishing. Have a lovely week-end!
I had not. It was the worst kind of limbo. Although I loved every single minute I lived in Japan, I was eager to start the next chapter of my life in my true calling. Teaching English was fun, and I made a really good living doing it, but it didn't feed my soul. I felt like I needed a job that did. And a Master's that would allow me to do so.
The terms and conditions for the Postdoctoral Fellowship (PDF) are as follows:
“no offense,” he wrote, “but can we stop calling blog posts and blog articles ‘blogs’? unless you actually are composing an entire collection of articles and posts each time you say you’ve written ‘a blog’, you’re really not using the correct term and are just coming off as uninformed and just desperately trying to drop a buzzword (albeit incorrectly).”
Politicians will be able to put the tablet computers on expenses if they give up one of their old pieces of computer kit in return.
Sweet memories now, yes, only memories
My friend, who takes me shopping might take me to the nursery Sunday or Monday. I want to get a mini citrus tree for it. I found such a plant on Amazon, but they won't ship to the citrus states. So, I'm hoping to find one at the plant nursery.
there will be no reason to vote for Mitt at all
After that? Who knows.
2. Parkour H-O-R-S-E- Parkour, if you’re not familar with the term, it’s defined by Wikipedia “when participants move through their environment by vaulting, rolling, running, climbing, and jumping.” It’s basically what you see Jackie Chan doing in every movie he’s ever made. H-O-R-S-E is a shooting game using a basketball. Each player has to match the last player’s shot, and if he/she misses, they get a letter. First person to spell Horse, loses. Now instead, imagine matching flips, wall kicks, and roof jumps. I know way more exciting right? Of course you would never do this sober, and you could very easily die. Plus you will most definitely break everything in the host’s house. But that’s part of the fun.
"Come, sit," he said as he poured. Eva's parents, terrified, obeyed. He pushed the glasses towards them.
I met my new Writers Workshop students last night. Some students I already knew either because they’d graduated from Salford or they are part-timers and did two modules last year. There were two new faces.
I was never too big a fan of compact foundation or 2-way cake, and I chucked them aside once i discovered BB Creams and Liquid Foundation. But recently my skin condition went from bad to worse, so I finally decided to give it a break from creams/gels/liquid foundations and I dug out this baby and dusted it off.
All in all we had a wonderful time. We couldn't have asked for a better break. Cyrus has missed his family seeing how we all would sleep in and no one was there to see him off in the mornings, therefore he was glad to see us all wide awake and excited for the first day of school today.
Is it appropriate to send Editor X an advance copy of my novel as a gesture of friendship? How do I make it clear that I sent it because he loves books, not because he has connections? My friendship with him is very important to me, and I want to make it on my own, so perhaps I shouldn't send it at all. But maybe he'll be offended that I didn't think of him when gifting copies...! What do I do?You're probably over-thinking this. Editor X will not expect you to send him a free copy of your book; if you decide not to, he won't be offended. All editors know how many friends authors have, and know you can't possibly give all your friends free copies. (Also, would it kill them to support their friend and BUY the book?)
25. I Drink Alone -- George Thorogood
Aroma is espresso; vanilla, oak, burnt toast, marzepan and chocolate. Taste is chocolate, Belgian truffles, Devonshire cream, sharp penetrating velvet, big bourbon, oak, wood chips, roasted malts, sticky toffee pudding and big booze but so well measured and balanced. Damn this is a world class beer!
We take cash and credit card payments to sign up for membership.
To demonstrate how difficult it had been to clean the mirror, she asked the maintenance man to show the girls how much effort was required. He took out a long-handled squeegee dipped it in the toilet, and cleaned the mirror with it. Since then, there have been no lip prints on the mirror.
So, are you up to it? Let’s be branded! Let’s change what being narrow minded is and prove that maintaining positive focus buffers your dreams against breakage. Let’s prove that we CAN accomplish anything if we focus on what we want and stop worrying. It’s tough and it takes effort but nothing worth getting was ever achieved without effort. What an awesome reward for your effort: reaching your goals and having the life you want. We can so let’s do it. JUST START!
Friday night, my phone rang. I don’t even know why I actually bought a Sun SIM just because she asked me. Well I didn’t have a hard time being a friend to her. Being a friend to you is the problem. So I answered, thinking it’s her. By the way, Malou, sorry if I have to tell this. It’s not to start another argument between you two but to throw my unnecessary baggage that I was supposed to have done before 2009 ended. But anyway, this will not affect you or what you have.
Although it is yet impossible to determine the long-term effects of genetically engineered foods on the human body, some facts have already been established. GE foods contain less nutrients and, most importantly, they are “chemical-friendly”.
That's it for today! Hope you have a great one!
Rating 22
And after I get home and unpack, I shall fix myself a sugar-free, generic Walmart margarita, step outside and set my plastic bags free in the wind. To travel the earth, sail the lakes and mostly - to land in your trees, Target Hippie Freak.
You make what’s “necessary to maintain the infrastructure, to maintain the stature of the city” replied Avi Schick, acting president of the ESDC. “This is not a subsidy for economic development. It is maintaining and enhancing transportation.”
"I think there are probably a lot of women on the panel because those are the people who work in the industry. And as with any sort of award you are going to get a lot of griping by people whose taste doesn't match the judges'. Folkies have a great sense of ownership over the scene."
‘And half of nothing is?’
All joking apart, by this point, I was quite seriously exhausted both mentally and physically; the reasons for this were many but essentially fall into 3 categories which apply to all forms of cycling:
In another bowl, mash up the bananas, then add the sugar. Add the oil, almond extract, and milk/vinegar mixture. Mix with a fork or an electric mixer set on low.
I normally use my spoons and don't hang them on the wall .Not sure if I ever would.
Below are some tips that will help you become more productive at work and accomplish a lot more than what you think you are capable of:
Also, I might get to another room of the house -- maybe the master bedroom, or the basement family room. We'll see...
The guilt set in right before he said he changed his mind and he only wanted to do it every Sunday night.
Hat & t-shirt- burgundy, crimson & red
“For the bread of God is the bread that comes down from heaven and gives life to the world. Sir, they said, always give us this bread. Then Jesus declared, I am the bread of life. Whoever comes to me will never go hungry, and whoever believes in me will never be thirsty.”
The white card layer beneath the image's mat was run through an embossing folder, well twice actually, as these things really are not made the right size for our regular square cards are they? Whilst the join wasn't actually too bad, any discrepancy in the design was covered up anyway with the narrow floral lace onto which I also added a flower made using a Marianne Creatables die with the obligatory button in the centre.
Writer released: “Kang San is a justice, strong and really a man, he is a character who is like father with Lee Kang To”. This time release his foolish image but on the drama he will show you a hero image, too. You will surprise with these two images of him.
As educators we are being asked to prepare students for an ever changing world, a world that they do not really understand, nor can predict. The educational world in which students live is typically a ‘bubble’ away from the ideas, issues, concerns, events of the real world. Education, as I experienced it as a student, was a preparation to inherit this ever changing world, but the activities and learning for preparation had little to no significance for what I was about to do in the big wide world. The pathways in school were clear, a hierarchy of subject knowledge in place that would be most useful for me, and a production line of information poured into me. Knowledge equaled information. In Sir Ken Robinson’s book he extends the analogy of the student as empty vessel, but converts what I had always imagined to be an ornate ancient Greek pot, into a vessel with much greater currency…. a gas tank. In this analogy, students are the tank, and teachers are the attendants at a full serve gas station. When the students come into the station, teachers fill them up, and then the students go out into the world. But for some reason, we as teachers seem to almost convince ourselves that this gas station is the only one that students are going to need in their entire life, and students for some reason buy into this philosophy. The problem is, that eventually, these students, zipping around in the big wide world, are going to run out of gas, but they don’t recognize that their fuel gage is beeping crying out for them to return for another fill up. The reason for this aloof attention to detail is that students have become indoctrinated with the ‘right idea’, that there is a path to the ‘correct’ answer, that 1+1 always equals 2. Many people exit from school under the pre-tense that their fill up has provided them with the information that they need in order to be successful for the rest of their lives.
&nbsp
The photo has since been taken down on Zaobao.com:
I want to use the iPads more. I want to continue to refine the already existing skills in the bigger programs of Pages and Keynote. I want to do more projects with recording. I’d like to design a project for small groups of students to use the iPads to produce a presentation. I’d like to begin to keep track of iPad use after school going forward.
Sunday: Fly back to Omaha
close, reliable friends
One GREAT tip from Gala is avoid gossip mags...what a great tip because all they do is teach us to be judgemental and bitchy to other women and enjoy other's misfortune and that is just fucked up, right?
EUR: 24.98 mg, a new all-time low
last week, najah wrote up a nicely analyzed view of how she'll balance sewing and life in the future (woefully forgetting a section for cocktails. bad, bad najah!). though i realize her weekly sew-flow chart may rob us of wonders from her talented hands (i mean seriously), i get it. weekly challenges can kick your ass and take over your LIFE. ask ruggy, oona does it! pretty much did me most of the time. it made me think about how i sew now versus then (because really, it's all about me. you know this, yes? good). back Then, it would take me a week to sew and document a single project. but now i haz super skills. now all i need is twelve hours.
"We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light."
As if she read my thoughts and ran her fingers over it.
I’m really excited!
The afternoon was moving towards 4:00pm and while the sun had been beating down fiercely the entire day, clouds rolled in from the Pacific Ocean and covered up Sol. As the shadows disappeared from the bleachers and the lack of direct sunlight caused the heat of the day to alleviate, a mother in the seats above me nudged her daughter and said, “Necessitas un chompa. Tengo frio.” (You need a sweater. I’m cold.)
Thursday: Finished De-Grassing West side of Fruit Garden, Sowed flats of zinnias-Benary's Giant, Parks Picks, Fruit Smoothis, Cactus Mix, and Giant Dahlia Flowered
You probably need a drink, too, waiting for this campaign to end. So here's the recipe for the cocktail that knocked me and Obama for a loop:
The passenger was detained and handed over to security personnel for questioning, PIA said, and the plane was searched and found safe.
4. Remember Customs. You’re no doubt aware that when you travel internationally, you’ll need to go through Customs when returning home. But where you clear customs depends on whether you are on the aircraft operator’s Border Overflight Exemption (BOE) program. Getting you an operator’s BOE could take as long as two to three weeks, and you’ll need to provide passport information for every passenger—so allow enough time. “The BOE is particularly important for non-stop flights,” adds Clayton. “Check to see if your provider offers a BOE program. Otherwise you’ll have to stop to clear customs at the first point of entry into a country, possibly delaying your return home.”
…nothing more fitting for a bunch of the fellas pining for the love a good woman while under the influence…
“Chatter” in the head is a concept from the common understanding of Buddhism, the Monkey mind. There was a debate on facebook whether “Abundance” here leads to greed: I consider it does not: a state of abundance has no threat, and it is from fear of threat that I snatch at things, fearing not getting what I need.
And then the press finds out she is at the crime scene and follows her, which doesn’t end well for the press. Bittersweet fleets from the police too terrified for anything.
After the game, I headed over to my good friend Gone Mild's house for his 50th Birthday Bash. GM brews his own beer so it is always a treat to visit him. After that I headed out to Funky Town for my favorite girl's birthday party. Funky Town was quite an adventure but I think I will leave that story for others to tell. Happy Birthday this week to three of my favorite people!
From the time the FCA receives the completed petition, an initial hearing is typically scheduled within three months. A decision is usually rendered within two weeks. The remainder of time depends on whether the other party files an appeal and whether the parent voluntarily complies with the order. If the taking parent does not comply, execution of the return will take longer, depending on the willingness of the Procureur to enforce the order.
Tra tutte le partecipanti al Challenge ne verrá estratta una con il sistema Random che riceverá in regalo questo Glitter Glue"Ice Sickles"
How did it all play out? Let's see....
Analysis on the dolphins so far suggested they had contracted a morbillivirus, which belongs to the same group as the measles virus in humans, Stefan Austermuehle of a local NGO, Mundo Azul, told the BBC.
22. Pet Shop Boys - Yes... “Love etc.” is a phenomenal song from a group that is not supposed to matter anymore. The remaining songs were... fine.
A few days ago the spud says: Uncle Leif, wanna hear a joke?
Here's a bit of The Hunger Games (picked at random):
6; Galaxy; 8
The Cat crawled under a bush and into a burrow. One-by-one the Moth and her posse followed.
574 D-V/30/1968. “A Memorandum to Editors: An Occasional Author Still Prefers to Speak for Himself.” Chicago, Illinois. (To John H. Hicks.) See Item C-1968(1), above, and Item D-XII/31/1993, below.
I love this team, absolutely love them. They roll 10 deep and play great team basketball. They don’t lean on any one player too much, so any guy can be their lead scorer any night and even if Danny Granger is cold, they can win. But this team is still a couple years away from being a title contender. They simply do not have that one player who can take over at the ends of games. Every other team ahead of them has what they don’t: a player who will take over in the fourth quarter and carry them to wins. Until they have that superstar, they will continue to simply be a good team, nothing more.
In the last couple of years, she's made personalized keyrings and bookmarks, as well as reversible baskets.
Good morning! Today, Alex has asked us to post a reflection on April's A-Z Challenge. What can I say? The challenge is perhaps the most intense and exciting thing I've participated in since I started blogging over 4 years ago. Sadly, I wasn't able to post every day (and I'm STILL trying to catch up on all the emails, comments, and NEW FOLLOWERS I have received! Don't give up on me yet, guys!
Shortly after you're seated, a volunteer will show you the starters (I think that there are normally 2-3) on a tray and ask you to select one. After you're finished, she'll remove your plate and tell you about the options for the main course. If you would like to have cheese, you can pay the volunteer an extra euro, otherwise she'll bring a tray with dessert (yogurt, pudding, ice cream, fruit, or fromage blanc). If you would like to finish your meal with coffee or tea, there is a cafe to the far left side of the restaurant.
In recent years, Beltaine has been adopted or revived by neopagan groups as a major seasonal festival.
March 19th is the Feast Day of St. Joseph. My Father-in-Law was born on March 18 so he was named Joseph. However, one year later, his brother was born on March 19th and he was named John since my FIL had already been given the name of Joseph the year before. Then my hubby and my oldest son were also named Joseph.
Lightness in Darkness
“I’m sorry.”
11:45 - 12:10: Switch classes, other class does bellwork
And one does have to wonder what the Cardinal would make of this union?
I did not say, “See?!” as we walked around the building. My silence might have said more…
And to be more in connection with you. My hope with the new blog and website layouts, that we are in more of a conversation and that I can show you more of my world and studio. Thursdays are going to be my blog days (hold me to that will ya?). So nonetheless, there should always be something here on the blog every Thursday!
we cannot rise above the limitations of our character
Owyn spent the good part of his weekend watching dirt bike videos on YouTube. Strange, I know. That's all he wants to do.
Take an unassuming little country pub in an unassuming little country town and bring in a Bloke from the Big Smoke to select a menu of five different beers of very different styles to be matched by the chef with some local produce cooked up in some very ‘cheffy’ ways and what do you get?
c. Any truly impossible situation we face demands the power of the Spirit, the power of the resurrection. In Romans 8 Paul is discussing the problem of sin in the Christian. He points out that this problem is no problem for the power that conquered death. We can be victorious over sin through the same power that made Jesus victorious over death.
Through the book there was more interaction with Charlie and Bill of the Weasley who I love to see actually in the movie which is one of my pet peeves but I love them in the book. They are a great part of the book to have.
Even so, the former Destiny Childs front lady didn’t allow the chit chat to get her down. “There was so much love and well wishes from all over the world — it made it easier to deal with the stupid rumors,” she tells People.
I: Was there any interest in turning Essential Logic into a band that would have a Krishna Conscious message?
Summer (Yay!): July-August
A black vulture the size of a turkey walked down the aisles like all the other shoppers, looking for whatever fish heads and entails were to be had underneath the tables. The bloody scraps were hard to find.
FourSquare is an app used to check-in to locations throughout the country for discounts and other perks. You can share with your contacts where you go and discounts available. Some restaurants offer discounts on meal if you check-in at their location. You will be able to see where your contacts are based on their check-in, and can even check-in as a group. You can gain status the more you check-in.
In contrast to the previous verse, anyone who wishes to prosper should strive for simplicity, purity and kindness by all ways and means.
2) Get a Tune up. If you are traveling with your car, make sure you have your oil changed, and your brakes, fluids, tire pressure and windshield wipers checked.
And now, to further hammer home how our lives have diverged, there is a baby. A baby! I'm thrilled for her and wish her the very, very best.
You’d need your phone turned on to use NFC for pairing devices, or if you have a wallet application that needs to be running to make a payment, but presumably this means that if you’ve set it up in advance, your BlackBerry could still unlock the office door or let you use it like a credit card if you battery runs down.
But alas, we can. And we did. And I go into the car and find her smoking device and two zips of weed in the console and three roaches in the ashtray. I hold up the pipe. "This yours?"
When it comes down to it, I believe to be the best at anything, you need to understand the inherent depth of complexities for what you’re dealing with and this more often than not may involve pursuing multiple fields of knowledge to truly grasp your own discipline. In some sense, I believe the leaders in any field are polymaths of sort and this is something Eric clearly demonstrates in his own regard.
Tree, and then as from the same root we talk, leaf
At the end of the speech, Paul handicapped the presidential race.
Sure there are the easy ones; death and injury – to myself or a loved one. Work obligation – But, not really. I run a golf Academy. Not to many golf instruction emergencies that I can think of.
Taxi! Gimcheon Science Festival, please. I point to a street-lamp with a flag indicating the dates and times of the Festival. A student has a booth, I told her I would go. Too bad I don't know where it is or how to get there.
I skipped in a blush as the big girls rolled
On the second day, God created the monkey and said, "Entertain people, do tricks, and make them laugh. For this, I'll give you a twenty-year life span."
Preheat oven to 350 and lightly grease a 9x9 in baking dish. I used an oval shaped Corningware.
Please accept our worship in Jesus name.
2. Evenin'
My hometown of Vesta 120 miles to the west, along with nearby Wabasso, Wanda and Wood Lake, also made the modified hours list.
Mariano Rivera has at least one thing in common with God – and I’m not talking about the productivity in the area of “saves” (sorry, bad joke). They both believe that everybody is a somebody. There are no throw aways. When God makes people he leaves a spotless cutting room floor. We are all made in the image of God. God’s kingdom is an interesting blend of exclusivity and inclusivity: only people who follow the Attractive Shepherd’s voice can be counted in, but everybody has sheep potential.
Apples are at the top of the list of produce most contaminated with pesticides in a report published today by the Environmental Working Group (EWG), a public health advocacy group.
3. Clouds
If someone in the UK were to read no newspapers, hear no radio, see no television except the Party channel and everyone they met lived in the same way…. Imagine that… Imagine that all they knew, all they had ever known, was what the parish council told them had happened and was happening… then that would be some hint of what life is like in North Korea.
This version of Batman is pretty good. It has a different story from all the other Batman stories and a new villain. But it has really no back story to it. Can you really call this part of the “new 52”? Anyone who doesn’t know who Batman is or the back story on him is going to pick this up and ask “what the hell is going on and who is this crazy guy in a bat costume?" But from the perspective of someone who has read Batman before and knows the back story, it’s a great read. It’s a fresh new problem for Batman to overcome. So my advice, if you haven’t read Batman, don’t read this as a start. Go back and read some actual origin stories of Batman.
Just starting out by saying sorry for the multitude of posts about parent teacher conference and my feelings about school. I think it is the only thing I do lately. Meet with teacher, make a new "plan for success," yell at my kids about doing homework, they still don't do it, they get Fs, then it starts all over. Vicious cycle. But it is my life. It makes for boring monotonous posts. Skip it if you are sick of it. I wish it were that easy for me.
I was so so so so so so happy for Henry and Charlotte. I love them and I am so happy to see that their relationship is more than everyone thought. I love that we get to see the Lightwoods, and we learn what their problem is. Some things happen with Jessamine that really surprise me, and as horrible as he is, I loved Nate.
If you’ve a phobia of adorable characters, you should steer away from this show, as Menma is just too cute and such a crybaby most of the time. The annoyance of a character like her can be intolerable, but I can say that it isn’t that bad in the latter half of the series, where the focus shifts away from Jintan and Menma and more to the other characters.
The weather seems to have evened off. Though clouds remain, they hold none of the anger of nature they roared with this morning, that and there are fewer of them. All good for a pleasant afternoon and on into evening.
SOY AND LINSEED BREAD - MADE IN A BREADMAKER
Betty Blue (France) directed by Jean-Jacques Beneix
We must also realize that we do not deserve Jehovah’s grace, but deserve death. “For the wages of sin is death” (Romans 6:23a). Everything in life costs us something; nothing is free. Some costs we eagerly pay and others we are reluctant to pay, but life is a costly thing. Life costs us, male and female alike, something of each other in order to conceive a new life (child). The creation of the human race cost God, as well. Life cost Him, in the beginning, a piece of Himself — the breath of life and His image or spirit (Genesis 1:26-27). Life also cost Him the loss of our companionship when we sinned in the garden, as sin ushered in death, and death costs us our own lives as payment and prevents us from living with God eternally (again, see Romans 6:23a). But it’s because the Lord God, Jehovah, loved life — human life — so very much, it ultimately cost Him the life of His only Son, Jesus Christ. This truth is another aspect of experiencing a true faith in God. You can’t fully enjoy a relationship with God the Father until you understand fully the relationship we are to have with God the Son.
Speaking of excitement, at these levels the competition tends to be quite exciting. No you won't find any high school athletes running 9.58, 43.50, or 3:28.00 or jumping 28 feet or vaulting 19 feet - but you will find them giving their all and competing to the end. You will see 100 meter races that need to be separated by the photo finish. You will see stirring come from behind victories on the final lap of the mile, or final jump or throw on the field. And you will see tons of youthful exuberance as a young kid improves her best from 56.00 to 54.99 in the 400 or his best from 4:14 to 4:09 in the mile!
you may not know this now...
When you see in the Word that you are in Christ Jesus, that you are in Him, then confess it with all your heart. Then you will be strong, standing in a point of authority and operating in your inheritance in Him. As you do this, the power of God will always be available to work in your behalf. Praise God!
This e-book is a culmination of experience gathered from several years of blogging and a whole lot of mistakes. I'm constantly learning new things and how to better myself and my brand. I might learn a life-changing lesson tomorrow! If I do, I promise to write about it and send it to you so you can maybe learn from my mix-ups. Some mistakes you just need to make yourself though, so take my e-book with a grain of salt. Look at it as one single method. What works for me may be the last thing that works for you! But sometimes all we need is a fresh perspective.
Although Zemlinsky was associated with some of the most influential and talented musicians and artists of his generation, he kept no diary, left no memoirs and remained nonchalant about correcting biographical errors that appeared in print while he was alive. Alban Berg, a composer strongly drawn to Zemlinsky and his music and who recognized the value of Zemlinsky’s contributions, once considered undertaking a biography about him, but sadly he died and the work never materialized. Had Berg’s plan come to fruition, it might well have bolstered Zemlinsky’s reputation, particularly toward the end of his life and in the immediate years that followed. At the very least, Berg’s efforts would have provided valuable information for future scholars. As it is, there are gaps in Zemlinsky’s life that are unlikely ever to be filled.
Von Stroheim makes Margaret pitiable. However, he also lets us see her as the lieutenant does—as the lieutenant really does, consciously or not. We often see Billington’s face bathed in light: beautiful, but always terribly down. In one key moment, she leans her head against a wire-backed chair and the pattern makes it appear as though she’s pressed against a bed of nails. This is a woman out of Von Steuben’s league, but so unhappy that she might succumb to him. I doubt he analyzes it that deeply.
and me, getting together our clothes,
I went much farther than the ones that claim to give you what I have given you already…
The J Dilla Foundation is a new charitable institution set up in Dilla's name that's been established to provide scholarships at the beginning of each Fall semester to inner city youth and fund the development of music curricula in those same schools.
At this point you can add ¼- 1/3 cup cream. Or you can add a tablespoon or so decoratively to each bowl when serving. Or you can omit it entirely and keep it vegan.
He is on the advisory boards of the Oxford Internet Institute and UC Berkeley’s School of Information, and an advisor to the Global Philanthropy Forum and a member of the research council of the Bay Area Council Economic Institute. A Rhodes scholar and a Smith-Rippon senior scholar, James has served on the Rhodes Scholarship Selection Committee for California. A native of Harare, James lives in San Francisco.
After all. The glory of storytelling – its remove, its freedom, its all-appeasing "And then ..." – still seeks to ground itself in its absence, and what in other novels can be enjoyed as lighthearted metafictional discourse here becomes a conspicuous anxiety about its status. What, after all, gives meaning to a narrative? Levé's suicide ten days after submitting Suicide to his publisher offers an answer.
Archaeologist, art historian, and curator Sheila Campbell has published widely on ancient and contemporary mosaics and Byzantine art. A Professor Emerita at the Pontifical Institute of Mediaeval Studies, Toronto, she has curated many exhibitions, including a showcase of the Scuola di Mosaici (Friuli, Italy) at the Royal Ontario Museum.
He conceded that it was a lot.
Fungi… Oyster mushrooms can be found from spring to early winter, but watch out they are carnivorous. First the mushroom exudes a toxin that stuns nematode worms. Their thread-like mycelia then penetrate the worm and digest its internal organs.
Massaman Beef Curry with Rice
As we approached Battle Point, it soon became apparent that we would pass the lead cruising class boat before he reached Battle Point. So even though short of Battle Pt by about 100 yards, when we were even with him, he threw the buoy into the water. We had to turn ninety degrees to port and sail for about 75 yards to round the mark. Hope we would not need the extra time it took to change course and round the mark. The next boat in our class to round the mark was about 12 minutes behind us.
In few areas has the indoctrination designed at the destruction of Western Society been more cruelly effective than what it has done to women. In a few generations a sex which once valued honour, virtue and motherhood, now finds themselves either grasping at the Muslim veil of their own subjugation or, tragically with some merit, viewed as “easy meat” by our nations new colonisers, leaving many of the most vulnerable in huge danger.
"Are you okay?" Cassandra asked.
Believe me, I have always and continue to have the good of the Party and the cause at heart. We have to move forward now, otherwise we are simply doing the enemies’ work for them. I’m making these points for your own good as well as everybody else’s. You have to look for a successor that is not tied or tainted by the existing set-up. The Party cannot be led by ‘yes-men,’
Sweeting did not reply directly to the other criticisms, but I think they're worth a closer look.
Full sight of her in Heaven without restraint,
If your package is over the USPS limit we can send it to you by FedEx. We have a big discount on FedEx pricing and we will pass that discount to you.
Please join us Sunday, February 12 at 11:30 am at SHOW circus studio in Easthampton. Fore detailed directions check their site.
you need to look at the subtle undertones.
They call me Apollo after the sun god, and (as you can probably tell from my portrait) I was not born to be a warhorse.
fill $.29
Great! So, we don’t want a president who is fat, old, has a bad leg, is not famous, or, most importantly has bad hair. We don’t mind a woman president, but mind you, she shouldn’t wear saree and boring blouses.
- Same-color or Mix-match socks?
Really the most impressive part of the beer is the label. It totally captures that New Orleans feel with the typeface choice, piano keys and jazz singer silhouette.
I wondered about a couple of the names I found on my map, and whether they, too, are references to Native Americans. I wouldn’t mind living in Round Head, though I’m not sure if that’s a title a native warrior would cherish. Still, it’s better than Round Bottom, or worse, Long Bottom.
This pancake is light and fluffy and would be excellent at dinner next to some potatoes and a healthy dose of sour cream and cheese. It can also be a brunch hit—though I always love pancakes I never feel full after eating them...not the case with these! If only I had some sausage. Yum.
My mother and sister are supportive, and without them, I would truly be lost. My father is loving, yet with a much more traditional outlook, and he's worried. He thinks unschooling has failed, because I'm not doing any of the things I "should be" doing by my age. He doesn't say it, he quite possibly doesn't even think it, but what I hear is that I've failed. That's not a nice feeling.
When we returned to Sears our work ethic changed, now that McDonald's was behind us. Our jobs included, getting forklift rides from Sears employees named Spanky and Dirtball, playing hide-and-seek in the warehouse, daring each other to see who could hold their tongue on 9-volt battery the longest, and spinning on my dad's office chair. At the end of the day, my dad would come and get us and we would act exhausted from the hard day at work. We would spend the car ride home talking with my dad about the days events and for a brief time we were one of his work buddies.
Well, Dredd is, and always will be, the icon of the mag but I'll have to plump for Slaine, as drawn by Mick McMahon. Those stories he illustrated are just some of the most exquisite black and white comic art I've ever seen.
For those of you who are losing hope, please don’t. There is always something you can do to achieve what you desire. Be strong, and think of way to push yourself out of the misery hole.
Baird rising sun pale ale
After that, you can switch to a jointer/try plane—or any plane with a slight camber on the iron and somewhat large mouth opening. This flattens the scalloped channels left by the previous plane.
Possibly one or both of you would have a punishment, ranging from a spanking to being sent to your room. Or perhaps, you would get to do a task, such as washing and scrubbing the floors (that was usually doled out to my sister and me) to cutting the grass (that was usually doled out to my brothers).
Article 82
Polish my writing pieces from my trip to send to friends and post on blog.
I don’t mean their backyards or even their cities or counties. Many know those, and know them well. But we live in a nation that stretches from ocean to ocean, and it is so often not explored, and can be done for a fraction of the cost of international travel. Before Paris (though it is well worth your time), perhaps spend some time in Maine, eating lobster rolls and looking out from historical lighthouses. Or watch the leaves change in New Hampshire with Europeans who fly over here to watch it. Visit some of the battlefields of Pennsylvania and Virginia where our country’s future, for better or worse, was decided during the War to Prevent Southern Independence. Sit by the banks of the majestic lakes we call Great, which are so vast, that if they were to be emptied, would cover the entire country in two feet of water. Marvel at the breathtaking majesty of Half-Dome in Yosemite, the Falls in Niagara, or the Canyon in Arizona. This is to say nothing of the food, culture, and heritage of New Orleans, San Antonio, Louisville, Charleston, Richmond, and a hundred similarly-sized cities in between. Be dazzled by the all-encompassing greenness of Seattle, the majesty of Fort Hood on an early Portland morning, the endless quality of Lake Coeur d’Alene, the silence of Whitefish Lake in Montana on a Sunday morning, the quiet rushing of the waters of the still (no matter how much we drain it) mighty Colorado as you wind your way across that state on I-70. Quietly enjoy a California sunset, or let the warm Gulf waters tease your toes…
Once upon a time, there was a young man and he was a teacher, a teacher who started to sing, he sang songs that he had written himself, the lyrics pure poetry.
You cherished the ones you loved,
Thursday was BEACH DAY! Yep! We wore beach attire (sunglasses and all), had a bit of a luau theme in our classroom and brought our beach towels ready to soak up the sun! We began by sharing our experiences of the beach... very few have ever been to the beach or have seen the ocean so it was fun listening to what they knew first hand. Then we read a few books about the beach and the ocean. I love the book Commotion in the Ocean by Giles Andreae.
With that I did my duty and braved Target and Old Navy for gifts for my child who assembled a wonderfully moderate list for Santa aka "me" to obtain. My twin sister Donna is in town, so Auntie Santa brought a few things to augment the offerings of Mama Santa.
support you, and comfort to cheer you.
10:30am-3:30pm
I guess I have to wait again for the 5D… Mark IV. It’s still like I’m getting old, but yeah. I was waiting for the 5D Mark III to come, but the 24 megapixel feature and the articulated screen… fudge. I guess I have to wait for the 7D Mark II to come, but this time, with articulated screen, but it’s really more enjoyable when using a full-frame camera. I’m not being biased, but somehow, there are more lens choices if you’re using full-frame.
Please stop noting that people have “banned together” for a cause.
Jessi: IN HONOR is a road trip story that begins with a pair of concert tickets and a mistaken last request, and ends with truths discovered on the road.
Eventually most of those people who are led captive by the sins of comfort, will die in captivity. A few will survive and be liberated during the battle of Armageddon. The ones who will be liberated will be the next generation that grew up in captivity. The ones who put their faith and trust in God and nothing else. The ones who did not enjoy the wicked media, the ones who did not go into debt because they were filled with greed to live above their means. The ones who found their joy in the Lord instead of the materialism of this world. Their job after Armageddon will be to bear witness to what happened. So the world can remember it and move on with life to make sure sins and crimes such as these will not be committed ever again. They will bear witness to what God did for them and their testimony will live on and God will be given the glory for everything.
Greg also emphasized that teachers need to spend more time on mental math. If teachers do not teach mental math (or can’t do it themselves!), then they teach kids to rely on the visual. When we spend time on teaching kids to solve problems quickly in their heads, then they will develop strong mental math skills that are needed for higher, more complicated math.
This was one smart critter.
Iran’s President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad plans to pay an official visit to Brazil in the near future, official sources said.
On the 2nd, I wore a pair of shorts I made last year for my SWAP. I once again did not get a picture of me in them. I promise I will be much better this coming week with taking pictures.
I love to see candles at the holiday--
Sent: Monday, April 09, 2012 6:27 PM
What are your best tips for saving money on kids clothes?
MIGRATION, HUMAN DISLOCATION, AND THE GOOD NEWS: MARGINS AS CENTRE IN CHRISTIAN MISSION AND CHALLENGE TO THEOLOGICAL EDUCATION
Besides Ash, other south stars who command fat pay cheques in Kollywood and Tollywood are Ileana D’Cruz, Trisha and Kajal Aggarwal. Since the two industries share a symbiotic relationship, the heroines flit between the two states and command an equal price and popularity in both.
They're beautiful and fascinating. They're totally opposite--one dark and the other one light. A Rebel and a Guardian--both were sent to watch Skye. Asher is cocky, flirty, always confident and always hot. And he's dangerous too. Devin, on the other hand is serious, always exuding calmness. He always look so peaceful and confident but in totally different way than Asher. They're opposite but both of them are intriguing and fascinating. Even I couldn't figure out well who to trust and love more. It's hard to choose between the two, and I don't blame Skye for being so confused. Eventually, Asher won my heart, but I still care for Devin. Sigh... You'll doubt and love them both at the same time...
I wasn't coming up with a good idea for this week's IF topic, so in an emergency, you go to your files of old art. LOL! This was done a couple of years ago, and was titled, "Run".
Just me, my stash and free rein to do whatever I pleased :D
Later in her life cycle, Dren resembles a human crossed with a bird. Throughout, she appears mute, tittering like a Mogwai, though her chirruping coos are undercut by her unblinking intensity and darting. She’s not as sympathetic as the creation in Frankenstein, but she’s unnervingly compelling in her way.
And that nest in the sycamore tree
from a soul place that is torn
"I've got a good sense of humor and could see being involved in a sitcom or a movie." He confesses that NBC didn't approach him about broadening his professional horizons by hosting a game show.
What made clear in my own life that this river was changing for the worse, that it was being killed, was when I no longer wanted to let its waters touch my body. While obviously bad in itself, there’s a larger picture here that must be looked at.
SEC EAST
In San Francisco, when you share an idea with someone, more often then not they are excited. People comment on how unique or original an idea may be. They ask what they can do to help.
Arkansas coach Bobby Petrino has put his multi-million dollar home in East Fayetteville up for sale. But don’t panic yet Arkansas fans: The Razorbacks say it’s not a sign the coach is preparing to load up the moving truck and leave town.
There are a lot of reasons. Some part of gamers, especially the younger ones play games to imagine themselves as someone else. We often dream about being omnipotent and all that powerful or we imagine ourselves as saviours or soldiers fighting for their country. Games let us melt into this fictional reality without any consequences and with ability to do anything we ever dreamed of. Right now, there are games that let us feel as if we were for example: knights battling dragons as in Skyrim, a soldier fighting terrorists as in Call of Duty or even a god as in Black & White. Another part of players seek ways to relax themselves after busy day at work. We work usually at least 8 hours a day and when we come back home, eat dinner and chat with our family we would like to calm a little. This is where a video games come. By playing we let all feelings and thoughts of hard day pass and by doing so we clear our mind. It may be hard to understand for our relatives but running with gun and shouting at the tv screen really relax. An hour length session makes us more at ease and much more friendly and polite when talking to them. Yet another group of us, players, play because they find games more interesting than movies or tv. It is not so hard to believe as among 300 channels there is literally nothing worth watching. Every movie is the same, every tv shows is similar and even tv quiz shows are no longer interesting, not to mention 25 edition of “You can dance” and so on. Games can provide really considerable amount of entertainment as they offer an interesting plot with ability to influence and outcome, rapid action and sense of accomplishment. Another argument for playing games is that they sometimes serve as a regular job. The best players are sponsored by companies such as Razer, Logitech or Intel and they are paid a regular salary well above an average. In addition they are given free accessories, peripherals or chips for representing their sponsors as well as tickets and stay in hotels all over the world in countries where tournaments are held.However I think that what is most important for players is a sense of competition. We desire to be better than others, to have better equipment, more gold or have the best skills. We spend time in virtual world in order to become better and better. It lies in our nature that when we do something we crave to be the very best and in games like War of Warcraft or Battlefield we have a lot of people to outrun. It is the reason why we spend so much time at our computers as we cannot accept a fact that someone is better than we are.
“Are you drunk?”
Secret police agents abducted and beat award-winning blogger Yoani Sanchez, whose online reports elironicle the dark side of life in Cuba, on her way to a march for non-violence, she said, reports AFP (Nov. 9, 2009):
Will I make any changes to how I performed during the A-Z Challenge when we reach April 2013? Maybe. I'll try to comment more--but though it wasn't the entire shebang, I'm relatively content with the 400 or so blogs I visited on the sign up list, plus visiting those who commented here and attempting to keep up with regular bloggers. I think if I'd tried visiting any more I would have completely burnt out a couple weeks after starting, and I figure moderation is better than Someone help me, I'm drowning in blogs . . . by the end of April. Not that I think so many people joining in on such an event is a bad thing; quite the opposite.
Her sweet and soft style has added such a graceful charm to the parade each week. While I'll miss having her here at the challenge, I know she has wonderful opportunities on the horizon and I'm thrilled for her. Thanks Laura, at least we still have Tuesdays :)
So, I thought it would be pretty funny to put these subjects into a picture book. And based on my Mom's reaction when she opened it...well, I couldn't have asked for better. I figured I'd put it out for sale in hopes to get many others to have the same reaction. I hope they think it's funny too.
While our pickers rested the first lots of Nally bins were loaded onto the truck to go to the winemaker. Usually we go and watch the initial process of crushing the grapes but this time we needed to keep going and retrive the nets from the vineyard.
This is one of two Easter cakes I made one for our Sunday school the other for
Don your green apparel and join other Celtic Greenvillians on March 15th for a St. Patrick’s Irish Pride Walk along Main Street. Sponsored by the Ancient Order of Hiberians, this short sidewalk stroll from Piazza Bergamo to City Hall (and back) honors Ireland’s culture and beloved patron saint. This mini-parade begins at 11:30AM and all are welcome to participate.
Since we arrived in Jakarta, we’ve experienced rain almost everyday. It’s not a rainy season right now, but it seems to not matter. Even if it rains, it has stopped after a while and sometimes the sun shows its face.
Great Divide Yeti - with a twist
Sometimes, I guess, all you can do is give the person you care for the benefit of the doubt and pray they don’t prove you wrong
Back to my story. My husband and I were discussing how usually at this time of year I’m waiting for chicks to hatch, and that the delay may be due to our extended cold, wet, rainy winter weather. We had only around 3 nice days the entire month of April, not much incentive for a mom to bring vulnerable young into the world.
While Suzanne and I sipped our tea and caught up–talking about the blizzard, families, work, vacations, college visits, the importance of our girlfriends–the Egyptian people surprised, shocked, overjoyed as President Hosni Mubarak announced his resignation from the Egyptian government. While we caught up on the stories that keep our lives full and challenging and funny and changing, a leader toppled, people cheered, women wept, children hoped.
Chrys.: Wherefore then did He not send Him immediately? That from what they had done to the others they might accuse themselves, and putting away their madness they might reverence His Son when He came.
Eternal Father, I offer you the Body and Blood, Soul and Divinity of Your Dearly Beloved Son, Our Lord, Jesus Christ, in atonement for our sins and those of the whole world.
I thought you might like to hear from Tim again, and judging by how much Mariano Rivera of the Yankees has been in the news the past week or so, I'd like to share a letter Tim wrote to him last fall.
The main problem with appealing to epicycles & deferents is that while it may explain features like retrograde motion and make reasonably accurate predictions (such as the old Ptolemaic model), it isn’t consistent with other celestial observations, such as…
This connecting and joyful time together (presented Monday, the first morning of the conference) is for EVERY family! If you and your children want to be introduced ~ just as we introduce speakers at a conference ~ please legibly type up your own family introduction...so that I will have the privilege and pleasure of "talking about you".
With an hour left of cooking, roast the potatoes in a 425 degree oven for about an hour or until tender. Serve the beef tips spooned over the baked potato.
‘It will go by so fast’.
While we’re going to emphasize waist over weight in this blog, we also know that many of you won’t be able to resist the siren of the scale. When it comes to actual weight, you do need to stop thinking about one specific number. (“I want to get down to one hundred thirty.”) All of us have an ideal playing weight—not a weight for running marathons or making All Pro linebacker or posing for an airbrushed-anyway centerfold. This ideal playing weight is a range in which you live lean and healthy, and one in which you significantly reduce the risks of aging diseases associated with being overweight.
Not because I want to change the world (but that would be nice).
I’m kidding. But I do feel kinda giddy inside.
In contrast, the top-down sweep is that in which the police attempt to gain insight into who committed a crime by determining those who might have had reason and/or opportunity to do so. It is less physical and more human than the bottom-up approach, relying as it does on such things as familiarity with known criminals in a given area and the details of their criminal ways, interviews with the loved ones of murder victims to try to elicit information as to the likely killers, and using informers to gain access to the word on the street after a bank robbery. Thus, the top-down approach scans in the opposite direction from the bottom-up approach, sifting the entire population under suspicion in a different fashion. It does not directly generate evidence of anything; rather, it helps focus the bottom-up sweep on those investigative areas and/or targets where its efforts will be best spent, and allows bottom-up evidence such as fingerprint evidence to be checked against specific suspects.
Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. Sierra Nevada Bigfoot Barleywine Style Ale
3. Organic celery, .88/ea. at Sprouts (through 11/25/10)
Anyway, I'll leave you with the above photograph of her brother Dave's dog Monty - 'a right good dog, my mother-in-law said warmly - and a recipe for 'Slims' which my grandmother-in-law wrote down in her recipe book - which incidentally is crammed with newspaper wartime recipes, so it's additionally fascinating.
The political undertones of his album Magic were indirect hits to the Bush administration, the War in Iraq, and other acts that the American government has committed against foreign countries and its own people. I believe his latest album, Wrecking Ball, is going to extrapolate these realities. The track lists suggests this and knowing The Boss, he will once again echo the cries and concerns of his countrymen.
Proverbs 1:19 Such is the fate of all who are greedy for money; it robs them of life. (NLT)
Next day we continued the good eating with pumpkin soup bowls with our tomato bisque.
I know a couple of dinks, a married couple who both work, have a double income and no children. My dinks get their kicks out of their hobby, which is windsurfing. They personally transport their surfboard, with mast and sails, in their little red convertible to places like Sheepshead Bay on Long Island Sound and along the eastern tip of Long Island . They also fly, surfboard included, to a small island in the Caribbean where they jockey the sails. On land, they live in Park Slope, Brooklyn, and were among the first to buy a brownstone there.
just one more in may sometime & we will be done!
From Bluff: Travel west on hwy 191 (this road becomes hwy 163 about 4 miles west of Bluff) for about 5 miles and turn right (north) onto Co Rd 262 (Butler Wash Rd) After passing through a gate near the highway, drive 1 mile and then turn left (west) onto a single track road. You can park here or continue on .2 miles to a parking area at the rim of the canyon.
Remembering that we just got out of the most civil-war-filled century in Roman history (the 200′s, early 300′s), it’s logical that Constantine (who CERTAINLY knew himself how to civil-war it to the top) would solidify governmental changes to make sure that it was very difficult for generals/sons of emperors to make war against HIM. So… the policies of Constantine/Diocletian:
But AKRF's work was very useful to Forest City Ratner and its enablers. Remember, Jim Stuckey, then president of the Atlantic Yards Development Group, straightfacedly told WNYC talk show host Brian Lehrer in July 2006, ""The crime in these [AY footprint] areas is substantially higher than areas around it."
Therefore we decided that we
Mama saw him when he took that bite and said "that's from the pan you chopped" and daddy kept chewing and chewing in spite.
If you know that you are a spirit having a human experience and that life is meant to be just that, an experience, then you are not afraid of what life throws at you.
In contrast, there are times whan you should ALWAYS ask a question. The first example, and only example for now, is the classic cock blocker at the club. You know, the ugly friend of the hottie that you’re talking to. You keep trying to get said hottie alone, she wants to (a) tag along (b) talk to her friend without your ears in the conversation, or (c) leave you behind and go somewhere else with the hottie, effectively stealing the coitus. That bitch! Ask her aloud and clearly if she is trying to cock block. But don’t ask until you know that’s exactly what she’s doing. Ask her why. Ask her is she carrying a lesbian crush. Ask her why she is protecting her friend’s va- jay-jay. If the hottie protects her friend’s cock-blocking position, you’re buying free drinks. You should not have to be paying her bills to get laid.
The Pacific GBH's have been nesting on the edge of Stanley Park for several years very close to the built up part of downtown Vancouver. It is a magical sight with dozens of nests; the trees are immense deciduous trees. I will let the pictures tell their story.
It's important to realize that part of the trouble we have in changing our beliefs is that we believe that it is difficult to change a belief.
Tonight I should be doing things, but I just want to sit here. Mom is coming over tomorrow to play with the kids while I make soap, so I really need to make sure I've got all my ingredients and gear in one place, but man, when do I get a day off? I just want to rest for a while!
Yep: FREE!
So simple! So good!!!!
Taxi To The Ocean- Flag On The Moon
- That's right. I remember you telling me that when we started dating. Called them my lucky stockings after that.
Small signs are sometimes the best possible fuel consumption and emissions. A car owner time-warped here from the new bmw x5 and barely feels any cheaper. The warm orange ambient lighting is a different car than its angular predecessor. At the bmw x5 screensaver and stretched headlamps also help make this the most powerful diesel-drinking engine ever to emerge from the modified bmw x5, the bmw x5 screensaver an advert for grasping the black handled pump.
Taken: 06/12/2011
For the past few years, I have hosted a Christmas Cookie Exchange for my friends and family. Even though the party is always on the 2nd Sunday of December, I still like to send out Save the Date invitations in late October.
Hank Greenburg - Turkey Red (always liked Turkey Red)
So complicated, look happy, you'll make it!
Don't be shy! Let's get some numbers! Will he join the "4+" crowd which isn't a crowd at all but simply a room with Colin B in it? Or do you think this is all quite normal and don't see him ranking too high on the ol' Insanity scale?
If you missed the PM crudely waving 2 cannisters of oil and announcing that God is a Trini, then surely you heard the non-stop radio ads announcing the Jubiliee Discovery by Petrotrin all day Friday and Saturday….or maybe you managed to miss Couva North MP Ramona Ramdial on CNC3 Friday evening announce that we have an oil boom. It’s not uncommon for oil to be found off our shores…it’s how we’ve been making a living in Trinidad and Tobago for about a century. But last Thursday our leader of Government revealed just how desperate she is to give Trinbagonians hope in their economic future as well as to distract them from the chaos that is her government.
If you head out there, check their website for the train schedule.
You can’t say ‘to hell with the well-being of the prisoner’, without also saying ‘to hell with the safety of the innocent.’ Our system is driven by emotional reactions which are not thought out at all, shaped by our knee-jerk hatred for difficult things we don’t like or don’t understand, and it makes everything worse. Prisoner’s families and loved ones are often left with shattered lives, mothers left to cope alone, dramatic losses of income, children confused and distressed. Prisoners cost a fortune to imprison when most don’t even need prison in the first place. Prison inflicts suffering and violence on people and makes them hugely vulnerable on release, and then society ostracises them for good measure. Our habit of refusing work, insurance and sometimes family life to ex-offenders keeps them vulnerable, powerless and without the things which might make them secure enough not to offend again. The offenders register just forces people underground in an effort to escape detection, so that the only people on it who the police can find are those who aren’t doing anything wrong anyway.
At the top of the hill, just before the gate we had entered previously, a wooden style crosses the fence and leads to the same spot. As I stood here and rested a while something told me the style was the right way to enter into the ritual landscape this evening, for this time we wasn’t simply visiting or on a reccy, this time there was work to be done.
This photo was shot on a subway during a recent trip to New York City. Can you see the harpist in the background? Too much fun!
Online resources provide a great deal of information to help you find your ideal travel arrangements in one place. Keep in mind that you will want to check out where your seats are before you purchase and that if you are booking for your entire family, that the seats are all together in the same place. Sometimes, it is possible to get the seating arrangements worked out after you purchase the tickets, but it is always a peace of mind knowing that your not going to have to hustle to make sure you aren’t on opposite sides of the plane from each other.
CJS My father has been in the fashion industry for over 20 years so it was kinda in my bloodline. All of my family members are into fashion and he motivated me by always keeping me in a fashion-related job, so I just kept it going.
Hello and happy Monday stamping friends! I have a card to share with you all that I made with one of the new release stamps from Our Daily Bread Designs. It is kind of a rainy and gray day today, so I thought this little card would bring some sunshine. ;D Have a look and see for yourself what I mean.
The song "Kvaðning" is featured on the debut album "Baldur", a concept album telling the epic and dramatic tale of the viking Baldur, released last year.
Wherever you are, hope you have bright sunshine instead!
Photos can’t really describe all the beauty (I may also be a not such a good photographer).
I'm still waiting to hear the results from the interview, so I figured I should fill in the story behind this potential move. Because even if this opportunity doesn't work out, that won't be the end, I'm going to keep looking. It makes me sad to type that- unlike nearly everyone else I know, I like working for a big law firm. I genuinely like my job and I like the people I work with. But, for reasons outside my control, both of those statements are changing. And I think it's my responsibility to own my career and make changes before I become a victim of it.
If you have read Carson before, I think you will be bored and/or disappointed. He has not given his readers anything different or anything new to think about in this book. I wish he had interacted with some of those he opposes since it would have made the book a better read. He would likely be pleased with that fact, but for his readers there will be much yawning and sleepy eyed skipping ahead to the next page or the next chapter. And that will likely not please him one bit.
Eating right is very important in a 100-miler. Here's an explanation of why:
Prior to this weekend, our seating situation consisted of curbside treasures and local thrift shop finds for $10 and $15 a piece. They are all ladder back chairs and are white and different shades of natural wood. I love the idea of chairs that go together, but aren't part of a set. The eclectic look adds interest, texture and variety to what can be just a "blah" table set. Never mind the fact that the chairs that go with our table are over $300 a pop! No, thank you.
36 Rock and Roll Music
Act 1: Tatooine – World Pvp – Republic Level 24-28 – Empire Level 24-28
They got me all settled on my side and I looked at my sister in law and said "I feel pressure". She looked at the OB and repeated it and I have never seen people move so fast. It was actually kind of funny b/c they all know how fast I go from pressure to delivery (like super fast!). This all happened around 10pm and "S" was born at 10:11pm weighing 6lbs 14oz and perfect as ever!
4) From Genesis 12:1 to Malachi 4:6, there are 926 chapters. With the probable exception of Job, and some of Proverbs, they all deal with the one Nation Israel. The other nations spoke of are only those nations that have dealings WITH Israel. All of the 39 Books, from Genesis to Malachi, were written by Jews. Read Romans 3:1, and Romans 9:4-6. If Luke was a Jew, then the 27 Books of the New Testament were written by Jews.
On a white background i stamp the swirl with embossing powder than
Once it is grinded well add the broken cashews and shape it to small balls. Sounds tricky, but when you shape it, you will find it very easy. Not only during navrathri festival, it can be prepared once a week to have healthy snack.
Cycling turnover is a potential for losing some gains of the already achieved modal conversions to cycling. A cycling planner in a mid-sized European city with a 25% cycling mode share estimated that if social marketing programs should end, the cycling mode share would deteriorate by 2% to 3%. This estimation would support cyclist-focused bike stations.
Fasting is something else that can be a part of an encounter with God. Sometimes a physical fast from food is associated with an encounter with God. Actually a fast can come before meeting God, or after meeting God. Some people meet God and then begin fasting as Saul fasted for three days after seeing Jesus the Damascus road. In this case, Elijah fasted for 40 days before he encountered God on Mount Sinai.
Over the past two year these rules have been exploited by teams. Firstly the interpretation of holes in the floor and continuous surfaces. This lead to the openings that allowed double diffuser. Effectively the step formed two separate, but individually continuous surfaces, allowing airflow to pass up above the step plane into the upper deck of the diffuser. This rule has been clarified for this year and a single continuous surface must be formed under the floor.
me: "no whining about it....we're gonna share and be happy!"
Demon Song (Blood Singer, 3) - Cat Adams
The Vans Triple Crown of Surfing consists of three men’s and three women’s professional surfing events that are the final stop on the 2010 Association of Surfing Professionals (ASP) World Tour. In its 28th year, the Vans Triple Crown is considered the most prestigious title in surfing next to the ASP World Title.
Apart from Skinners, St Austell and Otter breweries, the only different brewery was Spingo. All of them do very good beers and we didn't see one London Pride pump clip!
I'll show you some pics of my recent activities...
I recommend hopping over to Humbug Hall for a look at the lovely creations by Ann, Max and Brenda. They have been having crazy weather while here in the South (that is the US South) we have had the most incredibly beautiful weather. It is making it tough to stay indoors and work or craft. We only have about two weeks every year when you can have the windows open and enjoy the great outdoors (in between it being so hot and humid that you practically drink the air and so chilly and rainy that you want to bundle next to the heater). So, the Wonderkid and I have been having a nice time out of doors. Hopefully you are having more of my weather than the Baltic wing of Humbug Hall.
To serve the tart:
“Why? What about the bottle?” Lisa asked.
This is not revelation knowledge for some however most do not make the connection between the purposeful mis-education of our nations “children at risk” and the growth in service businesses like correctional facilities and even charter schools.
Chipolata sausages - allow 3 - 4 sausages per person plus a few extra for the kids. These will cook around the turkey in about 45 minutes. Turn halfway through cooking.
But how can this be? How can a company that had so much success in the past be completely written off even after showing some great new products and some great potential for future success in the industry?
1 Glass of Extra Virgin Olive Oil (preferably made from Taggiasca olives too)
I haven’t written anything since the end of August except a hundred postcards. It’s been a wild couple of months but I’ve had a brilliant time, choosing, writing and posting cards around the world…and receiving the same back. My collection is building and I’ll soon be able to set them up on the walls of my hall. There will be an alphabet section, one for art, handmade cards, sunsets/sunrises, cityscapes and ad-cards. So far I’ve received 60 – here’s the link
Once upon a time there was the athlete and the coach - period. A very simple dynamic. But today in addition to the coach and the athlete, there are several individuals that exercise some semblance of control over the athlete's career.
For the gender project assignment, I couldn’t really decide what to do. As a man who identifies as a full-fledged feminist, and has done so well before this class, it was hard for me to find something that would put me outside of my comfort zone. I already don’t believe that masculine and feminine are even labels that we should embrace, as I tried emphatically showing the very first day by standing in the middle of the chalkboard. If I want to dance ballet, it should not be considered feminine; likewise, if a woman wants to play football, she shouldn’t be considered a Tom Boy. I’ve worn dresses; I’ve worn high heels; I’ve worn skirts; I’ve worn makeup; I’ve worn bras; my ears are pierced (although most of those things were done during Rocky Horror or Powder Puff). The one thing I hadn’t done, surprisingly, is shave my legs.
While many Greek names and words have come in to English with very close meanings to the originals, few have suffered more degradation than that of Narcissus. “Narcissism” is considered one of the greatest forms of pride and hubris, synonymous with vanity, shallowness, egotism, and arrogance, and is even used psychologically for a particular kind of personality disorder. However, the philosophical debate and even mystical dimensions of this myth have been debated since the beginning, and continue even now. Narcissus was born of the nymph Liriope and the river god Cephisus through a watery rape, and was the perfection of youthful male beauty in superlative manner. His mother took him to the blind prophet Tiresias (who had spent time as both a male and a female), and asked him if the boy would live long, to which the sage replied “Only if he never knows himself” (remember the Delphic Maxim, “know thyself”). A man called Ameinias fell in love with Narcissus, and asked him for his love, but Narcissus was quiet (it was considered good etiquette to refuse several times before accepting the advances of any lover if you were a boy) and instead sent him a sharpened dagger with a slave. As he killed himself, Ameinias cursed the boy to be consumed by love but denied the one he craved, and Artemis heard this plea. Meanwhile, the nymph Echo also fell in love with him, but bereft of voice, pined away quietly until she died. Her fellow nymphs also caressed the boy in vain, and one slighted virgin amongst them prayed that “may he love like me, and love like me in vain,” which the goddess Rhamnusia heard with favor. While hunting (within the sphere of influence of Artemis), Narcissus happened to look upon his own reflection in a pool, with the hair of Apollon and the fine form of Dionysos, and was smitten with love. He poured out words of affection (which, by Echo, were repeated back to him), but could never get close enough to embrace his love, and he either took his own life with his sword (mirroring Ameinias’ suicide), or withered away in longing until death, or attempting to embrace his love, he drowned. Nymphs sought to bury him, but instead his body became a flower, the downward-pointing narcissus; and in the netherworld, it is said that his shade would perpetually look upon its own reflection in the River Styx. Ovid and Pausanias relate the story of Narcissus. He is further linked with Narcissus oil, an intoxicating substance (as the cupbearers of nectar, Ganymede and Pelops, and Ampelos and Dionysus, the spirits of the vine), and the Greek root narke (numbness/deadness) is part of his name, which is also found in the word “narcotic.”
Much of my arting is all about the process…not so much the end result. The process is what settles my mind and my spirit. I usually have projects going that are more meditative than anything else.
Those who’ve read a few Regencies will be familiar with the ton’s visits to Almack’s, White’s, Tattersalls, Vauxhall Gardens with their fireworks, the Drury Lane Theatre and, of course, shopping on Bond Street calls to mind modern day excursions to Rodeo Drive in L.A. or 5th Avenue in N.Y.C. Although, I like it much better when the landmarks serve the plot as more than just cardboard cut-outs propped up in the background scenery. What was so special about these places that the cream of society, the haute ton, couldn’t find elsewhere? What does it say about the characters that frequent these landmarks?
2) Add chicken,peas,pepper,salt,sauce Lea & Perrins and chinese celery.
My love to you
When you are querying, you just want an agent. When you get an agent, you just want a book deal. Once you have the book deal, you want your editorial letter. You’re anxious to move into revisions, and line edits, and copy edits, and cover art, and ARCs, and marketing, and tours, and reviews, and seeing your book on a store shelf. And then you want to sell the next novel, and the next, and repeat the process all over again.
That other site; the one that lets you just type a sentence, and feel like you've connected with a hundred or more of your friends with one fell swoop. Hell, it won't even let you type much more than two short sentences; it practically ENCOURAGES slacking. It - well, it's not as demanding. It just lets me be myself, lets me do my own thing, you know?
Who wait serenely and who work in faith.
Coffee is your stress relief. Now prayer is your stress relief. You got to have a cup at work. Say a prayer at work. You keep coffee stocked in the cabinet. Keep your prayer line stocked and ready to rebuke those unGodly things.Prayer is CPR to surviving life and all the unknown it brings for today. For those who are not coffee drinker replace your addiction with prayer.
Disgust with own genitals
My ears are alert to the sound of His whisper catching me unaware with His presence.
Actually I wasn’t and the more I thought about it, the more the ending made sense. The whole series was about a group of girls and their negative emotions, so a happy ending was definitely one way to go and the way it was executed was just fine. They all go back to be being normal, they establish solid friendships and carry on happily with their lives. At least there was some tragedy for the main character (the death of Strength), thus satisfying the condition for such a series not having a 100% happy ending where everyone gets to live happily ever after and since there was a lack of interdependence between the characters it was a good ending to resolve it. I might also add that I did find it rather interesting that at the end of a story where women are the one causing each other pain, they all have to simply show love for each other to take away that pain.
- set the oven at 300F and cook in a water bath to 150F
Remember how, last month, I went to an Empty Spools Seminar at Asilomar? In choosing fabrics to bring, I ran across a little roll of batik strips wrapped around what looked like more strips. So I threw it in my fabric box.
According to Lt. Sean Rafferty of the Elgin police department, three other semi trailers were stolen from the same lot in the days before the one containing the book shipment disappeared. The other stolen trailers were empty.
So yeah, I had plenty of photos ready to edit well before midday. I had started them, but then it was time to head out to pick the children up. Then we went for a walk and when I planned to sit down again to try to sort through them, we noticed the time was nearly the time to get going for the darkroom. Which also nearly ended up as a wasted journey as we didn’t realised the reception was closed at 7pm, so there was nobody there to let us in. We tracked someone down though, so we ended up getting something done. However, my first film had nothing on it, which annoyed the hell out of me. Luckily, I’d had 2 films to develop and the second was fine. But still, it’s horrendously annoying.
You see, if we're to see a movie about Shakespeare in love, it has to be a fantasy, it cannot be the truth, because the man that everyone has thought for four hundred years was Shakespeare the great playwright, was not a playwright. This man had very little to do with the theater but pull down a small pension for the use of his name. He has left no story worth telling, while the man who really did write the plays has a marvelous story, a story which until recently, has remained untold.
Bake uncovered for about 12-15 minutes. The bread crumbs should be golden on top, and the fish will flake and be moist inside. Remove from the oven, allow it to rest for about a minute and serve with a wedge of lemon, sauteed kale, and a fresh garden salad. Should you like wine with dinner as we do, a Chardonnay, Pinot Gris or Viognier would work nicely. A quick, simple and nutritious meal, doesn't get much better than this.
Someone to loosen the spigot of night.
1 misusin'
My mother and sister are in town and we are headed off to a really special greenhouse to pick out some delightful baskets full of the most beautiful flowers you ever did see!
"No, but David touched its twin."
- 2 tsp. hot sauce
So David came out at the beginning of July and I did a Blog Tour with thirty-two stops! All were scheduled in advance but for two of the four weeks plus, I was in different cities in Italy, without WiFi, and had to rely on my daughter Rhiannon Lassiter and my good friend Anne Rooney to make sure they were up on the right day.
Cake toppers, lanterns, lace and pretty bridesmaids, 7 in a row await. 200 guest will witness this event and dance the night away...a honeymoon awaits to the Happiest Place on Earth...you guessed it, Disneyland. I'm down to my last $200 in debt to pay for it all...ha...but it's worth it...all.
6Why feels my heart its long-forgotten heat?
Over the weeks we saw a beautiful large barnlike structure being erected with the most beautiful wooden frame. Maybe a new sports –hall or a ‘cathedral', it is far too big for a regular barn. Hmm what could it be?
“We are living through an era of the ascendance of biology, and we have to be very careful,” said William Henry Gates Jr., director of the W.E.B. Du Bois Institute for African and African American Research at Harvard University. “We will all be walking a fine line between using biology and allowing it to be abused.”
Chris Martin
That’s the thing about Dragonquest. It’s never about the boss battles…it’s about surprising your ass with an incredibly difficult “normal” battle just paces before or after a major boss battle. The game is ruthless, but absolutely worth it. It’s a game you absolutely will not be able to put down.
Feed, water chickens and gather eggs
There two large concrete eggs, maybe seven feet high, at the side of the allegedly non-existent cellar door hut. What the…
In any event, the book features some truly stunning and imaginative work: the organic blobs of Anders Pearson, the Duchampesque watercolor scrawls of Casey Camp, Henrik Rehr's shifting currents of densely packed lines, Mike Getsiv's suggestive, boldly colored swirls, Warren Craghead and Richard Hahn's mastery of panel rhythms, the unexpected visual gag inserted into Geoff Grogan's multimedia collage, Alexey Sokolin's forbidding stormclouds of black scratching, Andy Bleck's sensual scribble figures, Derik Badman's renderings of only background fragments from old Tarzan comics, the multiple contributors who turned in dense, virtuoso ink pieces towards the end of the book. Not everything here is at the same high level, but it's a surprisingly consistent anthology, unified by its theme and Molotiu's commitment to including pieces that advance his definition of this particular approach to comics. What's best about the book is how open its territory ultimately is, how much room it leaves for artists to come up with their own ideas about abstraction and sequence. It is a truly groundbreaking book that points the way towards a whole new conception of comics and challenges readers and artists alike to explore this new area. [buy]
(Although we try not to mention eating haggis in the presence of our Hamish McHaggis. He might get a little upset!)
MERCER CO. studies showed that, 70% of companies that simply cut cost in a slowdown, failed to make profitable growth FOR FIVE YEARS!
The Brick by Brick, in case you’ve never been there but plan on going (for example, to Hell on Heels’ next show ;D), is tucked inconspicuously away behind the Bull’s Smokin’ BBQ and Saloon, which is also pretty awesome. Tatas Through Time was retro dress optional for the audience and, as you know, I fucking love dressing up. I called up my ex-hairdresser mom and my fabulous grandma and they gave me the most ridiculous beehive for the show. This thing was obscenely big and full when they first teased it onto my head, but my hair is notorious for not doing what hairspray wants. Check out that progression:
Ryan is determined to get this basement done, especially with the mudding and sanding. I am ready for it to be done too and I'm not even doing any of the dirty work. We have drywall dust in every crevice of our house and all I can keep doing is whipping down the kitchen counters and saying "I'm ready for this to be over!!!" Mudding isn't even the slightest bit fun, you cant see any change except for smoother white walls instead of dry wall (again, I'm talking like I'm actually doing the mudding)
They add a chill to the
As ActionAid’s Hunger Busting Blogger, you will give poverty a voice by:
If you are using a serger, obviously you may only need to do one stitch. I don’t own a serger so we use the zigzag stitch and it’s worked just fine for us.
If you have a spark of Christian compassion in you, it will surely seem worth your utmost labor to save so many ‘souls from death, and to cover’ so great ‘a multitude of sins.’ If, then, you are indeed fellow-workers with Christ, set to his work, and neglect not the souls for whom he died. O remember, when you are talking with the unconverted, that now you have an opportunity to save a soul, and to rejoice the angels of heaven, and to rejoice Christ himself, to cast Satan out of a sinner, and to increase the family of God! And what is your ‘hope, or joy, or crown of rejoicing? ’ Is it not your saved people ‘in the presence of Christ Jesus at his coming? ’ Yes, doubtless ‘they are your glory and your joy.’
Commander (London) – head of a major department or group of boroughs. These are the first ‘ACPO ranks’ (Chief Police Officers) and some officers have a national lead on certain issues.
For my father, these two items resemble a portable tool chest. They represent the epitome of the Boy Scout motto, “Be Prepared.” For my father, an Eagle Scout, being prepared has been his creed throughout his professional and personal life. These simple tools represent how he can do a lot with a little, how he’s resourceful and compassionate, and how he’s prepared for any challenge he faces.
Paper: Whisper White, Poppy Parade, Buckaroo Blue, Peach Parfait, "Cogsmo"-Cosmo Cricket
Maybe if sex weren’t the end all be all of our society the doubtless innocent repetition of idiotic lyrics wouldn’t have become an issue at all.
I must, or I shall be a prisoner forever.
Then it's as easy as following directions. Included in your pectin is the recipes/instructions for just about every fruit you can imagine. I always circle the one I'm doing because it's easy to get confused!
We climbed up the mountains of Arizona, through GREEN (oh how I miss the many different colors of GREEN!) Rock formations a plenty! We had to slow down to one lane due to highway construction. The landscape was full of scrub oaks, ponderosa pines...datura, salvia, sage, and sunflowers lined the highway naturally...it was spectacular!
That, I'm afraid, is my failure. It is a white-hot spear of pain I will carry inside me always. I don't know that he will ever fully know or anyone else will ever understand how hard I tried. When it got to the point that loving him was hurting me, I had to leave. It felt like a matter of survival. I didn't want to do it. I still worry about how he's doing.
The left wall was the worst part. The door next to the fridge and the lack of usable cabinets was such a pain. Not to mention the inside of all the cabinets was the original particle board from the 60's. I'll just say "gross" and leave it at that.
So let's be clear - it is not "boomer warfare" which has distorted our politics, or made rational politics so elusive since the 60's: it is something far deeper, something far older, something which has been with us from the beginning in this country, and which we in turn brought with us from the Old World; something which in fact traces back to the very origin of humanity - spiritually, psychologically, politically, evolutionarily. That depth is what gives the American story its pathos and its importance. That is why the world watches us: to see if we can work it out - to see if there is hope.
okay...click the picture...!!!
“No this is all psychic communication – spooky.” I say
It’s not just the shark, either. Later, while in his Adam West persona, he’s kidnapped while putting the moves on Miss Kitka Karenska (really Catwoman) in her hotel room. When he’s brought to the villainous lair (a flimsy room upstairs in a dive bar), he promises the bad guys he’ll kill them if they’ve hurt Kitka. Not, “I’ll bring you to justice, evil doers,” but “I will f*cking rip your heart out of your chests, feed it to the others, then sh*tstomp your faces so hard people will think there’s four f*cking Clayface’s running around.”
We have a jade plant and a Christmas (zygo) cactus that blooms on my birthday inside now as they could not survive outdoors here. But come springtime, those potted plants will go back outside. Living in CA and gardening outside as I did, I have little interest or tolerance for house plants. I shudder when someone offers me one and I decline explaining that it would need a babysitter when we are on our travels. I have seen RV'ers who travel with plants, or maybe they are full time RV'ers who travel with their house plants. I do not want to do that and the other half of this house would strenuously object.
Player Categories + Test
My sweet babies snuggling together on the couch in the RV while we were driving down the road this past fall. I used Fabscraps Shabby Chic pps for this, I love these papers and they should soon be available at the Flying Unicorn store.
I have glimmer that is going to last me forever and it was all made for less than $4.
I have create this delightful digital stamp collection with the garden enthusiast in mine. The collection contains 4 assorted square tiles and one sentiment. This is my most versatile collection I have created to date and it should become a favorite of those that like Cute as well as those that venture a little more towards Arty. This is a mix and match set and the designs can be used individually or all together. You can mix and match them anyway you want and the creative possibilities for this new collection are endless. Since the digital designs can be re-sized with little or no visible loss of quality they will make great focal points for Cards, Scrapbook pages, ATCs, Tag Art, Inchies and so much more...
Another factor is that, despite the best efforts of league organizers at spreading the talent evenly among the teams, there are often powerhouses and cellar dwellers in many soccer leagues. The disparity of talent will result in lop-sided wins or losses. It’s a simple fact that no one will carry you off the field for scoring the winning goal if it happens 3 minutes into the game in an eventual 10-2 blow out. Therefore we can safely eliminate half the games being played because they’re blow outs.
I hope you had a chance to read some of the screams and howls of schoolkids who depend on Wikipedia for "doing" their homework. Wikipedia was down for the day, so the kids' personal plagiarisms would be late.
This brings me to present day. Ben apparently loves birds. I’ve strongly put my foot down about birds in my house. It’s a no. When I see birds I do NOT hear the soft music playing. I do not picture a Normal Rockwell. I picture a scene straight out of the Alfred Hitchcock movie. He was bummed, to say the least, but he’s adapted. He has “pet” birds that live in the tree outside our house. He’s pretty sure their names are Blue and Rainbow, that they’re married, and are planning to have a couple kids this spring. He made them a bird feeder, and every day takes them some pretzels, fish crackers and occasionally an oreo cookie to sustain them.
One of best ways to improve your blog post is to edit it down. Your message will come across more clearly and powerfully when your writing is clear and strong. Readers are more likely to come back. They are more likely to share posts that are well-written and post them on Facebook and Twitter. You never know where it will be picked up.
Ahoy Mateys!
the new guitar money, the date money
Asset Finance 10
Is Washington considering a firepower solution to unrest? The Department of Homeland Security just ordered 450 million rounds of special “hollow point” .40 caliber ammunition from defense contractor ATK. The high performance HST bullets are designed for law enforcement and ATK says they offer “optimum penetration for terminal performance.” While we can only guess in what situations this type of domestic firepower might be used by Homeland Security, American citizens should also remember this type of ammunition has been outlawed in international warfare by the Hague Convention Declaration III since 1899.
The image is a fuzzy moon,my corner die cut is new, got just before christmas and never had a chance to use, and the ribbon is from Crafty ribbons, sorry not sure about the papers can never remember where they are from especially when i just used up the small bits which were left over.
A man who agreed to share power with his enemies in order to restore hope and prosperity to Zimbabwe.
Hence, the film eventually reveals his alcoholism and his transvestism, in that order, and the result is a documentary that is ultimately a very moving statement about sexual identity, repressive violence and art that is for a fuck of alot more than it's own sake! On every conceivable level, Mark Hogencamp is right to cast his bad guys as Nazis. While only a bit of sensitivity is required to realize that homosexuality and transvestism are not the same thing, such sensitivity would not have been displayed by those busy gasing gays in the ovens along with Jews, Gypsies, Communists...
The sermons to go along with these Bible School lessons are now available. Click the link: 90 Days with Jesus, John’s Gospel and you will have access to 17 of 18 of the sermons (I have to retype one) and the box.net links. Thanks, jerry
Shred half an onion on a box grater and sauté in some butter until translucent. Add grits to pan with equal-ish parts water and milk, adding more liquid until grits are soft and the consistency you want them. Add a pat of butter and some shredded cheddar cheese, stirring to melt and incorporate. Add salt and pepper to taste.
Well instead of going to the track on Saturday I was going to tend to my ground and clean up the pool and the garden. I had just finished trimming the tomato plants when the text from Cal arrived. It was in code. I didn’t know why until my brain cleared from the exhausting heat of Arizona and was then able to conjured up what the code meant. ”Had theP580 k”. Okay so it looks easy but I wasn’t sure exactly what it meant as I had talked to The Mayor earlier and told him the P4 at Santa Anita was anyone’s guess, including the WiseGuy’s. Then it hit me. What Pick 5 I asked myself as I turned off the watering hose. Certainly the carryover of $3500.00 at Turf was not near that. It was Santa Anita and I ran into the house and checked my TVG account and there it was. $1.00 Pick 5 (5 of 5). . . $80,566.00 Samolians.
I think getting adults and teenagers together to read and talk about books is a wonderful idea. Which is why it's rather sad and frustrating to hear that when Ruth had asked all the adult book groups which one would like to do this project, the others weren't interested. Seems they thought teenage books were beneath them. I wonder if they've read any. The number of times I have told someone I'm a teenage author and they say, "Oh, what, like Jacqueline Wilson / the Harry Potter books." No, no, no. Open your eyes to what's out there, people. There's a world of teenage books and some of them will make you think more deeply and more interestingly than many adult ones.
And of course, the key to happiness is lots of frosting, sprinkles and letting them DO IT THEMSELVES!!! :)
Take this thing that is happening on my blog. If nothing else I am punctual and lateness is frustrating and sometimes annoying to me. I mind the time. But for some weeks now my blog timing has been all out of sync. I have checked on the settings on the blog, I have checked all the settings on the computer. Yet comments are saying they are posted at all odd hours of the day and night. US friends who comment at night I awake to find have posted (supposedly) in the mid afternoon. My own comments saying 2.00am when it is evening here. Quite frustrating. If you've had this problem and know how to fix it, can you let me know? I see other blogs with incorrect time stamps and always assumed the blogger hasn't bothered to set it......just not me :-)
State Senator John Whitmire's staff forwarded me the following op ed by the Senate Criminal Justice Coalition Chairman that deserves Grits readers' attention.
Emerson: Close enough.
“Yeah, thanks for that.” I’d rolled my eyes a lot at her questions. “Nothing’s changed, not even since our last talk two days ago, I promise. Mom and Dad say I’ve always been this way.”
I have watched a couple of their reality shows. (Okay, I admit it: I do watch sometimes as my brain is defusing from all-day real problems that are not seen on the K’s shows).
Answers: Yes. I met my girlfriend of three years before I dived into minimalism and there was a growing period for us. We’re still growing together, and I didn’t give her the ultimatum of choosing minimalism or else. Joshua has no comment (he’s way more reserved than I am).
Good morning everyone and Happy Easter! Thank you to all those who took part in our last challenge, we saw lots of great dry embossing from you all!
“We have a lot more important things to do,” says Chief Bruce Gates, “but these are things that are quality of life issues, community policing issues that a lot of people don’t want to see downtown.”
When Spitzer resigned in the wake of a prostitution scandal, Paterson was sworn in as governor of New York on March 17, 2008. Paterson launched a brief campaign for a full term as Governor in the 2010 gubernatorial election, but announced on February 26, 2010, that he would not be a candidate in the Democratic primary.
The Ranch, though not particularly my style, was an ideal place to seek the Lord and to really focus on Him without the distractions of city life. Though I am fond of city life, this place afforded much time to grow in my relationship with Him, my savior who called me to service. My time at the Ranch was a crucial precursor to my time in El Salvador. One of the main reasons, was becoming flexible…it is often said, “Blessed are the flexible, for they shall not be bent out of shape” (Anon). Which brings me to El Salvador, what a joyous, challenging place. From the start, as soon as we exited the airport, I felt my first challenge. An overwhelming wave of heat and humidity greeted me along with friendly faces and warm embraces.
*only 13 cases available
Unfortunately there really isn't much to report on at the moment. Working part time 30 hours a week and studying at uni full time = not much sewing if any at all and not much inspiration, not a lot of blogging, no agility, and no cooking...I really need to find a better balance I think! I do have nearly two months off in June and July, after exams finish so I know what I will be doing... Lots of sewing, blogging, cupcake making, agility and relaxing I think!
Joseph Ryan Allen, 39, New York, N.Y.
Using an electric mixer, blend until creamy.
As absurd as they are savage; science or no science,
a delicate tendril connecting them intimately
As we roll into the second week of being back in work the intensity will bump up just a little bit since nothing really taxed her last week. We won't do anything particularly demanding this week either, just moderately push the workload up to see how she responds.
“Five years ago, my wife and I moved from a large metropolitan area to a small, remote western area in the mountains and have developed an off the grid homestead. We are practicing self sufficiency, conservation, organic gardening, and learning to live more simply.
Lotion
I wanted to try out my new Fyrinnae colours, so I did a look with three of them today. I was a bit surprised that Polar Bear was so yellowish on my skin, I hardly ever wear yellow and was expecting it to be much lighter and just have a golden sheen, but in the end it worked fine. The BB-cream is also new, as my MAC foundation seems to be a bit too dark for me this time of year. I'll do a review when I've used it for some time. It was so nice and sunny outside I even wore hotpants! Although with thick stockings ;)
When asked early this month whether Washington believed that the Islamist party would uphold the treaty, State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said that the party “has made commitments to us in this regard.”
Plus, we have a few projects to share with you today for inspiration from our Design Team!
The President, it was further gathered, though not happy with the open outburst of the NSA, might just rebuke him and caution him to be more careful in the future. The source said, “The President will not because of that remove his NSA, whom he considered to be very loyal and trustworthy. Yet, he (Azazi) could have made a mistake with his open comments, but that may not necessarily lead to his removal.”
The Mets won the rubber game in Denver yesterday 6-5 over the Rockies in a wild game that saw the Mets lose leads of 4-0 in the eighth and 5-4 in the tenth before finally pulling through in the eleventh inning.
My son is 8 months older than Drew, and the difference those eight months make is incredible! I remember holding Drew for the first time a few months ago, looking over at Nick and thinking, "There's no way my Nick was this tiny!" And in a few months, Drew's mom will look at another baby and think the same exact thing. As all you moms know, these little ones grow CRAZY FAST. Drew's a little older now than the last time I saw him, and he's such a cutie. He's got the most adorable chubby little cheeks and big, bright, cheery eyes. So cute!
Ginger-garlic -1 tbsp(chopped finely)
If you are new to my shop, I have a little bit of everything… crocheted items like scarves and coffee cozies and hair bows… sewn items like tea wallets and a purse, and a scarf too… we have skull rings too… and a reborn baby doll! So many things to choose from!
In this regard, the following services will be rendered for perusal and information: Free Automated Refraction with Subjective Verification including low vision cases, eye examination and evaluation for blinding diseases such as cataracts, mascular degeneration, glaucoma and more, and affordable treatment and medicines are readily available.
. Remember the old film “Funny Girl”. Poker players, seated in a debtors’ prison, whose property has been sold at auction, said his mistress, who came to visit him:
449
Between my weigh in and the time we left for Passover dinner at Uncle Petey’s in Queens, something snapped and I was all f@#% THIS dumb program! I’ll show YOU two tenths of a pound! And um…..well, that’s where the downward spiral began….
Have a good week!
too quiet.
Since Deathwing was defeated, things have been relatively quiet on most fronts. So I think we can spare the personnel to take on a few extra missions. I’m having the field commanders send out some additional patrols, an extra scouting party here and there, to make another sweep or two in the areas where we’ve taken those losses. In particular, the places where we’ve had people disappear, presumed dead but never confirmed beyond a doubt. The ones, especially, who’d left children behind. Just in case.
“Watch out! – I am from the evil and hated generation. Believe it or not, not every single teenager around my age goes around beating up people and smashing up cars. Yesterday the Cork Evening Echo wrote an article with the bold title “TEEN GANG MENACE IN CITY CENTRE ” http://www.eveningecho.ie/2012/05/02/teen-gang-menace-in-city-centre/
Stop yourself when you begin to judge and focus on the good in others instead.
Sweet, precious Daniel, know that we are doing all we can to get to you as quickly as possible. Your brother and sisters talk about you numerous times each and every day. We already consider you one of us, but we sure can't wait to make it official!
"Jail should be for violent people that we need to get off the street," not a place to merely sober up, said Councilman Ed Gonzalez, a former city police officer who has championed the sobering center idea.
Her secret is taking a toll, eating at her conscience as she goes about her pastoral duties week after week — two sermons every Sunday, singing hymns, praying for the sick when she doesn’t believe in the God she’s praying to. She has had no one to talk to, at least not in her Christian community, so her iPhone has become her confessor, where she records her private fears and frustrations.
Now the old post…
And here is my another tidy purchase. It is a hangy bag from sisters crafty creations. I have bought it as a rubbish bin! Because space is limited around my desk, I keep moving my bin, so I thought this would be ideal. It isn't for big rubbish, just the little trimmings that I make of sewing threads.
“All you have to do is say, ‘I wish’ and let me take care of the rest.” Each passing second the bean seemed to gain mass while the electricity crawled through the thin layer of skin, wrinkles, sunspots, and life, surging through her veins like life begging to explode. Was it magic or dying? There was little time for choices and whether Jack with the Robert Redford eyes was a liar or not, there was only one way to find out. Mattie closed her eyes as she had seen Kathy and many a wish makers do on TV and in the movies than tugged at the handle on her memory closet; “I wish I could take back my mistake. I wish I hadn’t let Greta die. I wish I was with her now.” The wrinkled crease of her eyelids could not hold back the tears; she strained to hold them back defying her need to break into a crying fit on a public bus as her last act in life but hearing herself utter the burden of her past kept guarded in lonely silence for so long could not damn tiny rivers trickling down her face.
9. Unschoolers learn healthy eating/sleeping/hygiene habits because they learn to listen to their bodies needs and because they have positive relationships with role-modeling adults.
But American couch potatoes wouldn’t get out in the fields and gather all those watermelons and peaches and whatnot.
So why did it crop up in a film set in Somerset on the glorious Quantock Hills, inspired by the early lives of Samuel Taylor Coleridge and William Wordsworth?
Projects with other people take as many times as long as there are participants. And some steps in a project are simple, but others are extremely complicated–one must take the long view.
but because I couldn't set up the cakes til after 6.30 pm
To an objective observer, it might seem difficult to accept that populism is a central problem in a country whose constitution enshrines—even reveres—an appropriate form of populism. America’s founding documents espouse government “of the people, by the people, and for the people.” And yet, one of America’s many intriguing ironies is that its current public discourse is increasingly besieged and obscured by competing versions of people-versus-the-elite populist caricatures. These negative caricatures are nowhere better demonstrated than in the vitriol of the presidential election campaign.
And, in the meanwhile thank God for your precious friends and sisters in Christ. There is only one bond stronger...the one we have in Christ alone!
The first thing I did was I divided this four-faced monster into two. I separated them into Input(listening and reading) and Output (Speaking and Writing). The reason is that the two input skills are more similar to each other than they are to the two output skills. Skills used for listening would probably benefit my skills for reading most (though it goes without saying that they will benefit the other two skills as well, just not as much)
It had never really occurred to me that the meanings of the word as an adjective (con-TENT) and as a noun (CON-tent) are actually related. When I did a little research this morning, I discovered that they in fact have the exact same source - the Latin contentus, meaning "contained."
All of the planets have one thing in common, though—a white tree.
I've been asking myself this question a lot lately.
Enjoy the vada curry!!
My husband loves honey-do lists–the longer the list, the more satisfied he feels when each item has a bold hash mark through it. Mow the lawn. Done. Change the light fixtures. All set. Pay the bills. Taken care of. Despite Dave’s affinity for these lists, I have never given him one. Even more than that, I’m careful not to mention things that need to be taken care of around the house because–like Santa’s list– they’ll be added to the queue.
Even when the comments don’t explain why a recipe is the way it is, it becomes clear, as you read through the book, how the techniques and flavor combinations might be applied in different situations and to different foods. For example, I had the ingredients in the house to make chicken enchiladas last night (my husband, who’s the vegetarian one, is out of town – when the cat’s away . . .). Although I didn’t specifically follow a recipe in this book, I used an unfamiliar technique – stacking the tortillas in the casserole between layers of filling, rather than the more labor-intensive stuffing and rolling – and an unfamiliar ingredient Rotel canned tomatoes with chiles – which made the making of my own enchilada sauce very speedy.
This definitely pushed me outside my comfort zone. Because usually with these group buying websites I buy 1 of 2 things. Restaurant coupons for restaurants in my neighbourhood OR coupons for stores (like that GAP Groupon) I already shop at.
a few more weird things....guess who is walking???
Just a little update on the twincident!
The opening sets the tone of the film, with diegetic sound comprising the totality of the audio track and a combination of close-ups and taut editing propelling the action. The frame opens on a static close-up of an ATM machine before jutting abruptly to the bourgeois home of a young boy named Norbert, who enters his father's office to ask for his monthly allowance, plus an advance to pay off a debt he owes another schoolboy. The father gives his son the allowance but refuses the advance, leading Norbert to a friend who wants to test out a counterfeit 500-franc note. The boys head to a photo shop and buy a frame, paying with the fake bill and even getting change back. When the shop owner returns, he spots the fake but decides to pass it and some others off onto someone else so he doesn't have to eat the loss. He therefore pays the gas man, Yvon (Christian Patey), with the fake bills, which results in the man being arrested when he attempts to use them in a restaurant.
De La Senne Stouterik -- good, Guinness-like
Lastly, has anyone seen the new Harry Potter movie? If you're planning to go, a word of advice. Take Kleenex. Especially if you've read the books, because you'll be able to appreciate what's happening on a deeper level. Yes, there are changes and differences, but it's still a wonderful ending to the series. I want to go back.
Rising Star. In English, two words; Star and Rising. Now who is a star? A star in the simplest language is someone who excels.
And the graves are for the old.
Add the butter, egg and milk and mix together quickly. Add the fruit and chocolate chips and mix in as briefly as possible, avoiding over-mixing.
I walked the paths of those misused,
Also check out coverage of this topic at www.NaturalNewsRadio.com where Robert Scott Bell is covering this issue with his fantastic daily radio show.
and carry the meaning of the past in today's modern, fast paced world.
9. Imagine
But one day soon, we'll get down and dirty with this thing. So prepare yourselves. It's going to be epic.
chalkboard alpha: A-X (uppercase), blank, numbers
812111 Barber shops
Monaghan United v Sligo Rovers – Friday 8.00
Once again each segment of the overall unit ends in a small interactive game type activity. This particular activity was a game of memory.
Soli Deo Gloria (To God Be All Glory).
“Bah! It’s true, and you and I knew it! I just didn’t say it! I remember the day! It was December 15th, 1978. I had gone a couple dates with her and it was the Christmas Party at the firm. It was our first year there, all three of us, you, me, and her.”
In sync with Clean Break’s principles, DSG provides a framework for reassuring any nervous Nellies of the US ability to sustain multiple wars simultaneously in multiple global locations as Secretary Panetta suggested “from a land war in South Korea and at the same time, threats in the Strait of Hormuz” (1-5-2012 news conference Q&A).
She is my sunshine! - whenever i get a message from her on my voicemail, asking me to leave work to play with her, or her running into my arms ~ this little princess is my world! .. she can not get any sweeter, smarter, happier, or divine! - she is just a bottle of perfection! ~ i will be her Tinkerbell flier, fort maker, and secret teller for as long as i live! *promise*
Where we used to live - near Maqueda (closer to Malaga city) we had a fire just down the track from us that lasted all afternoon and night. The bomberos left at about 9am and were back before lunch because it re-ignited. It was disgusting because it was paints and paint related chemicals. It came very close to our house in that instance. But again the whole thing was dealt with very efficiently.
April 14 - Trevor Bannister, actor (Mr. Lucas on "Are You Being Served?"), 76
The Greek election is around the corner. With only four days away, Greeks will have 32 parties to pick from to enter parliament.
Well, it’s been a while since the last update and it’s been a bit insane to say the least.
HAYWARD AC, HARLING R, WETTEN S, JOHNSON AM, MUNRO S, SMEDLEY J, MURAD S, WATSON JM. Effectiviness of an influenza vaccine programme for care home staff to prevent death, morbidity, and health service use among residents: cluster randomised controlled trial. Br Med J 2006;.
Release Date : 6 July 2011
To accomplish this growth, the hero must be imperfect. He needs something to overcome. It needn’t be gigantic like changing his entire personality and going from an evil-doer to the best neighbour you’ll ever have. It can be as little as opening his eyes to the fact he’s neglected his family and spends too much time at work.
AVON True Colour Earthen Rose Blusher and Sleek Make Up Face Contour Kit in light.
Level 28: MP Cost: 55, Duration: 280 seconds, 91% chance to not get knocked back.
Of course the only picture I got was of the Bourbonic (even that was an after thought)! Too much great beer to taste! It was truly a great night to be in Portland!
One day, all us worms will wake up and realize we don’t need to devour to survive, that we don’t need to consume to find happiness and completion in our lives.
I didn't start this blog in January 2010 with the end goal of being a nomadic blogger. I started it because I wanted change in my life. My dreary corporate job was sucking the life out of me. And all the time I wasn't working was spent recovering from working. It was a vicious cycle.
Penny on the bus
Conservatives love to talk about slippery slopes. Instead of focusing on the slippery slopes of abortion, or (gay) marriage, maybe take a look at the slippery slope where a Canadian calls their political representative, and the representative calls the fricken police to intimidate the citizen so they don’t keep their uppity idea that this is a democracy. I don’t think Canada, or I, can handle sliding down that particular police state slope.
“… someone who loves you enough to tell you what you need to hear…”
4 approaching
The backdrop to all of this activity is quite striking. An enormous television screen broadcasts the morning news just loud enough to be heard without being obnoxious. Bright flower gardens surround elegant stone sculptures, while the Sun Bird Monument towers high above everything.
On this occasion we were going to the UK to hike in Scotland, visit some bloggers, and see some sights.
"Yes Mum. We had a lovely night."
I’ll start with a castle I visited a few weeks ago, “Nijo-jo”. The “jo” at the end means castle.
Here are just a few things that have inspired me:
I'll post pictures along the way!
29-MC Ina - tv channel remix
8 her
BOOM BABY! The Meat Tenderizer and a nice Skull Ring. Loveeellyyyyyy!
Revelation 3:20 is such a well-known passage. Almost every Christian has it memorized. The words immediately preceding it are less familiar:
Yes, I know I’m the only person still watching that.
But at high levels a master crafted sword for 100 SC might seem like a deal. Shields run in the same price range, but for some reason I am not as enthusiastic about paying a buck for an in-game shield.
People bring stuff into the museum I work for all the time. They think it's a precious historical document that must be preserved. 3/4 of the time they are right...
Time for you to go and experiment with your PVA glue and your foils now. Have fun.......
stiffling yawns
Then go back to the giveaway(s ) you have already entered (you can click on the images below) and comment telling me you have shared this page and/or blogged about it. I will give you an extra entry for each!!!
that day i fell even more in love with him...which i honestly did not know was possible.
October 26 Johnson City, NY Magic City Music Hall
The anti-graft agency had been after nine state governors it perceived as having cases to answer over how they spent the billions of naira allocated to their states throughout their tenure and placed the governors under a 24 hour surveillance.
Types of movements felt
Ten years ago, the Red River watershed and its people were ravaged by a brutal civil war and the collapse of the Soviet agrarian system.Today trees, bees and livestock are raised again, thanks in part to a project supported by the World Bank that aims to help farmers—working in groups–to produce more and earn more while rehabilitating the ecosystem.
Just because I have dug into my files. *laughs* I’m okay now. Kaartehan lang
So is Austin going to school in Savannah or Sarasota when he graduates? Awesomeness.
I can still hear her labored breathing
Paul, whose love of Alison transcended past and future, transforming his current life and helping Alison to overcome a dangerous disease.
Before the hand cramps started, I was stitching on this wonderfully sweet design by Beth Twist! It is an exclusive design available only to those who participate in her simple rules at Heartstrings Around the World (even though I had to read it several times for it to register). I did change out a few colors since I did not have all the required threads and I was so anxious to start on it! No patience here! I had a little trouble at first with wondering about my color choices, my fabric choice and a herd of frogs invaded my time. Once the frogs left and I got some color stitched into the piece, it has become a fun piece to work on.
1 implement
part of a large group of people who remedied Altgeld Gardens. You failed to
Hill (Mason, MI) is a midfielder who had seven goals and four assists and was second on the Spring Arbor team with 26 shots.
No need for the gory details. It worked, very well as a matter of fact. Even after, he wouldn't tell me what he used, though I can make an educated guess that it was a strap. He couldn't fit everything inside his paddle drawer so he left them all sitting on the floor by his bed. He also reminded me that he knew what was there and that I shouldn't touch them.
But millions of people in the world love Marmite. They have it as their favourite thing EVAH. They have it in the morning, the moment they get up. They snack on it during the day and even at night. My gosh, like FIVE times a day, easy. You kind of wonder what else they can be doing with their lives, wasting so much of it on Marmite.
Many of us are responding unconsciously (myself included), from old habit and thought patterns without any awareness or understanding that we could create something different in out lives. Many of us have been conditioned into people pleasing and approval seeking behaviour, which in turn limits us from really being our true selves and really loving ourselves.
RELATED: From forensic psychologist Karen Franklin, see "Justice Perverted," in which she opens an eponymous book review asking "At a time when many U.S. states are teetering on the verge of bankruptcy and essential public services are being slashed and burned, does it make sense to spend billions and billions of dollars on largely symbolic laws that do little or nothing to prevent or deter sex offending?"
Through migration “our societies are experiencing an unprecedented encounter and mixing of cultures….In such a situation, the new evangelization can provide the opportunity no longer to perceive the Church's mission as a north-south or west-east dynamic but one which transcends the geographic confines of past missionary activity. Today, all five continents are fields of missionary activity. We must also seek to understand the sectors and places in life where faith is absent, not simply as a result of drifting from the faith but from never having encountered it. Transcending the geographic confines of former missionary activity means having the capacity to raise the question of God at every moment in the encounters created by the mixing and rebuilding of the fabric of society….”
Someone please tell me this isn't a phase or lord a mercy a start to the ending of naps altogether.
We certainly won’t run into problems with speaking the truth even when read as is and commentated properly. Right? Not always, LOL. Personal conviction can bring on unexpected defensiveness. Armor up in Truth, and learn to duck quickly!
The print hangs in the large dining-room (the old "cottage"), along with about twenty prints from the same series...all depicting the various follies, eccentricities, and vanities of the haute bourgoisie (the bibliophile, the gourmande, the obese and inept "sportsman",the woman obsessed with shoes or hats, etcetera). they're all quite funny and, for the most part, not in the LEAST outdated in terms of social criticism. La plus ca change?....
"Well I wouldn't worry about it. I'm sure you'll find a nice girl to marry when you get older. Of course she'll never be as good as me...."
Can the negro rule himself? Is he congenitally capable?
2 figures
Sensory play soothes my kids - it helps to get out frustrations, gets out pent up energy, and makes a little body feel good. Playdough is an excellent sensory tool. So is sand, water, shaving cream, rice, pebbles, peanut butter! Let your child try out various textures, and don't be alarmed if they want to immerse their whole bodies into the substance! They're three. It's okay.
I've never failed to get at least the rated miles out of a set of Michelins, so I'm going back to them.
8. The Pop Rivets - Kray Twins (Demo)
A seer, a seal, a seer
May 20th: FSx03: Finishing School Artist Series featuring Gavin Grant in conversation with curator/gallery director Anyka Barber. Broadcast live online at Betti Ono TV: http://www.ustream.tv/channel/betti-ono
We love you all, miss you greatly, and hope to see/talk/skype you all soon.
17. An unauthorized Don King biography
I think a large part of all this has to be related to the social acceptance of online dating. As I was telling Rita earlier today online dating is very similar to a job search. You read a whole bunch of descriptions, you apply for the ones that seem like they sort of seem like a fit, for every 10 you send out you hope to get at least 1 interview. After that interview you decide if you want to pursue the second round and after you receive the offer you need to examine it and then decide if it’s something worth pursuing. That being said and the vast amount of online dating I have decided to put together a list of all the things that I believe you should know and read before you start online dating
So a lot of people get defensive when someone comes along and says, “Yeah, not so sure about that.” I totally understand that. So in that spirit, let’s try to start with some points on which I think everyone would agree:
The other aspect to this is that religion may find itself in serious trouble, because the Chinese do not really like religion and neither do they like the Media and so many other institutions, movements and ideologies.
After this barrage of photos those of you who have made it all the way through, need a serious cup of coffee or tea to regain your energy! Have to admit my mojo has served me more than well these passed few weeks, but now I am letting it off to graze in calmer pastures. I sure need some rest too :))
Fitted classic jacket?
My charity of choice is Special Olympics. Special Olympics Canada is dedicated to enriching the lives of Canadians with an intellectual disability through sport, and supports over 38,000 athletes, coaches and volunteers.
Politically, Jimmy McManus remained the democratic district leader in Hell’s Kitchen. Now one of the senior and longest serving members of the New York County Democratic Committee he made several attempts to become its leader (which would have meant he would have held the position traditionally as head of Tammany Hall) only to be defeated by Denny Farrell, a district leader from Harlem. His McManus democratic club continued to function as it had in the days of his great grand uncle in that it would try to help constituents who sought assistance with personal or governmental problems and to hold semi-annual cocktail parties and a breakfast on St. Patrick’s day. However, because of civil service its ability actually to find jobs for members was much more limited than in the 19th century. Also while it remained a place where people of different economic and ethnic groups could come to talk about local politics and their personal problems, many of the newer and younger upper middle class residents of the district would never know about it or think to avail themselves of its services.
Towards this, it is mandatory that when you sign up, you decide to spend valuable time being part of the group. That also means, no hasty and hurried posts, no posts that looks like last minute dished out recipes with blurry pictures that may be from nowhere. Your posts should have a mandatory picture of the dish published. Sticking to a reasonable time frame of posting as per the rules of the marathon is expected. Though I am quite lenient towards this, one has to be understand and accept being part of a group that will be waiting to read their posts.
By the way, doesn’t Shibutani look a bit like Johnny Depp in that screenshot? It’s a good look for him. Crystal Kay might have been even more enthusiastic, doing the rhythm to the Neon Genesis Evangelion opening song:
For years, the Indonesian government geology office has been breathlessly issuing warnings of imminent eruption at Merapi, causing hundreds if not thousands to flee, only to witness a harmless puff of steam as a result. Consequently, when the ‘offical’ warning went out last weekend, most folks on the mountain did what most Indonesians do with government here: ignored it. It was a combination of the ‘boy who cried wolf’ syndrome and prevailing culture. One notable exception was the man charged with guarding and communicating with the mountain spirits. Like the captain of a ship, he went down with the first blast.
My parents used to take us to Rock Harbor in Orleans after a long day at the beach. We would get an ice cream, watch the fishing boats come in, and then watch the sun set over the ocean. It was always crowded and bustling. Once there was a steel drum band playing while the sun went down.
The car heads inside a hotel car park and comes to a halt by the backstage entrance. The sudden revelation from K that this is a private wedding reception – ‘a small one, only 500 people or so’ – only adds to my excitement (and adds the mental note to cross ‘attend Indian wedding’ off my bucket list). Two bouncers open our doors and we’re humbly shepherded to a set of silver curtained dressing rooms, where K and I sit impassively on a white leather sofa and watch the fans rush eagerly in. I feel a little like a member of a cool security team, and get a rush of enjoyment when I realise that, for possibly the first time since arriving in India, I’m actually being stared at with jealousy! And even these stares are only fleeting, as they pass the random foreigner up in favour of their idol, Mr. B. His photo is taken with a steady succession of waiters, wedding guests, young men, old women, and even a couple of stage dancers, all who hug him with violent enthusiasm and try to stay in the little room as long as possible. The huge bouncers towering over the proceedings start to make me feel a tad suffocated, so while we wait for Mr. B’s performance to start, I head outside to have a gander at what an Indian wedding is really all about…
5cm piece galangal, finely chopped (or tinned)
In Luke 9 Jesus sent out his disciples with nothing and said to expect hardship of the kind he himself faced. Even Jesus, whose faith was so perfect that he walked on the water without sinking, who demonstrated what it meant to be in tune with the spirit, sometimes felt distant from the father: In the desert; in the garden.
But then I walked again. My heart just wasn't in it anymore. The more I walked the more I watched my 2:00 goal slip away. I tried to readjust my expectations. I tried to run. But I just couldn't. I just wanted to be done.
Evaluative editors, the ones who work with writers to conceptualize and reconceptualize their books, need to possess tremendous empathy—the ability to experience the feelings and perceptions of another. Dictionaries usually distinguish empathy from sympathy by emphasizing that the latter focuses on feeling for others without entering into their particular point of view.
I wish people would get pass this one scene to appreciate what is one of the most moving films ever made.
Yesterday Grover cut his foot somewhere in the backyard and if you've ever experienced a dog with a cut foot pad, you know it bleeds and bleeds and bleeds and then bleeds. I've had to play doctor and bandage it. Grover is a great patient - lets me bandage it without anyone holding him and then doesn't really mess with the bandage once it's on. I'm very glad about that!
Mrs Steerforth was particularly keen to cut down on wine after disgracing herself at a party on New Year's Eve, when she became more drunk than I have ever seen her.
and with a smooth swing sliced off her head. As the head rolled to the side he
18 - Johnny Lee Wills - Milk Cow Blues - 2:51
That old Leftist, John B. Judis, has an article in The New Republic that summarizes a stream of psychological research into fear of death that goes by the name of "worldview defense". The idea is that if you are reminded of your own mortality, you become more conservative.
Mancala- Both Jared and I play this game with Emma (not at the same time-it's a 2 player game) Emma requires very little help. I suggested she try playing this game on her own, which she loves to do.
For almost every single argument one can think of there will always be a counter argument or some kind of exception to the rule. That’s why the word “debate” exists. So unless you are interested in debating just for the fun of it, or unless you are able to prove your opponent wrong and highlight weaknesses and flaws in his argument there is really no need to waste your time. Examine the following statement, for instance:
either quarrel or honeymoon,
The scallop border is from the Holiday Cakes cartridge. I printed off the striped pink paper, then added a ribbon, some 3D paint dots for details and it's all done!
And… she’s bringing 22 college credits from advance placement classes she’s taken in high school. So, that is going take a semester off- so we’re saving a half year for her (and she wants to crank out a law degree and those Law schools are big time expensive. And the college is 5 miles from our house so it; itll take the rent and food headaches away.
The victim’s brother, Marcus Alan Beckham of Milford, 25, Raymond Scott Harrington, 32, of Trinidad, Colo., and Raymond George Harrington, 23, of Granbury were arraigned Friday and held on bonds of $1 million each in the Hill County Jail.
I pray the One who Created you to "Soar Like and Eagle" will watch over each of you every day of a very long magnificent life. You are each loved and missed, but you will STAY FOREVER cherished in my heart!!!
These are drawings I find scary to paint.
About the Store
Margaret Holmes Simple Suppers Chicken n Noodles Fixins’
When the Christians became the dominant religion in Europe they had a lot of different versions. The one that won the battle of ideology became official and all others were labeled as 'Heresy'. To keep it clear, they decided what to include and what not to, and wrote it down in their bible and said "This is absolute truth."
Post 140 of 180
You can take the other 3 x 3 squares and make more albums, or fold them in half diagonally and make pockets for the front and back covers.
On the subject - Windsor & Eton Brewery have an ambition to have their beers take a place among the most recognised sights in their illustrious town. In my opinion, they are setting their targets far too low, because their beers are just far too good.
The lobster tail had been poached and sliced, and the claws dipped in a tempura batter and lightly fried. An accompanying salad with cucumber, mango and tomato was dressed with lemony vinaigrette. The aromas were heavenly, even though I had been reduced to eating lobster … again.
here and there and and it just felt right to stop when I did.
Full Text Debt Ceiling Showdown August 2, 2011: Minority Leader Mitch McConnell on Senate Floor — Bipartisan Debt Ceiling Bill Will Slow Down ‘Big Government Freight Train’ Political Buzz Debt Ceiling Showdown August 2, 2011: D-Day, Done Deal — Senate Passes Debt Bill 74-26 — President Obama Makes Statement to the Nation & Signs Debt Bill into Law Raising the Debt Ceiling Limit Full Text Debt Ceiling Showdown August 2, 2011: President Obama’s Statement on Congress Passing the Compromise Debt Ceiling Bill — The Budget Control Act of 2011 Political Highlights Debt Ceiling Showdown August 1-2, 2011: Debt Ceiling Crisis Averted House & Senate Pass Bipartisan Compromise Bill — President Obama Signs Budget Control Act of 2011 into Law Political Highlights: Debt Ceiling Showdown 2011 Recap — President Obama Signs the Bipartisan Budget Control Act of 2011 into Law Averting 1st Default in US History
Add a bit of ghee and fry pepper for a minute or two, until it starts to crackle. Keep aside.
Blue Moon
6 moment
Civil servants in Castilla La Mancha walked out to protest against wage cuts of up to 8 percent.
Small chance that last one might have been Homer Simpson, I’m not sure.
A human being with time enough to enjoy the company of family and friends, enjoy travel taste good food and wash a day down with a cool glass of milk while writing poems about his day and story's about his adventures.
He called it … Dad
Sugar Free Jello (as a treat every once in a while)
Published in 1847 under the pseudonym Currer Bell, Jane Eyre enthralled and appalled readers with its passionate, defiant heroine. It remains a novel of unparalleled narrative grip, vivid imagery and naked emotional power.
By combining the Peninsula and West House trails into a single day hike (3.8 miles roundtrip), you can put together a rewarding outing that offers a much more diverse hiking experience than either trail offers separately. The Peninsula Trail is a relatively flat path, which follows the shoreline of Lake Townsend. The West House Trail, by contrast, goes through some hilly woods before briefly following a ridge overlooking the lake. It then re-enters the woods before intersecting with a dirt road, overgrown with grass, just before the back of the Lake Jeannette subdivision. Here are a few highlights:
For, readers might bawl.
As an appetizer you can have spring rolls, dim sum or a soup. We had a salad and spring rolls as a blend between the eastern dish and our western culture:-)
Unfortunately, a few months after our contract was signed, there was another game announced that sounded very similar to our game – eerily similar. So similar, in fact, that the one line pitch for each game would be near identical! So the contract was cancelled and we were left with this great game in limbo.
And it will include a chemical spill. An interesting feature given concerns about the security of Syria's large chemical weapons arsenal. A Marine MEU will participate (a battalion-sized task force).
And I was there, at the beginning.
The assumption by the Arminian is that you must be saved in order to participate in the spiritual Gifts in any meaningful way. However, this is just not the case. At the establishment of the New Covenant, the visible Church received gifts. The gifts to the Church are not necessarily indications of personal and individual salvation. Rather the signs that were poured out on the Church were to establish that God was genuinely behind the establishment of this New Covenant Community. Remember what Jesus said:
Gregory: the GOP said they want Obama to
In a bit of a "blah", down-phase a little while ago, I filled my ebay watch list up with Warhol pop art. So the mini blue Liz and the mini red Jackie O were from there...
2. Your boyfriend specifically told you he hates them and only used him for money and all he wanted to do was give them their stuff back.
In the city of Kyoto
So my shelf-filler choice was a shoebox.
The weary old model of agencies charging for time places an undue emphasis on stretching out the strategic and creative development process for as long as possible.
The colors of the Happy Camper collection will coordinate nicely with your outdoor photos, and the themes on the papers and embellishments highlight all your camping experiences; campfire stories, S'more fixin's, pitching the tent, snuggling in your sleeping bag, or just enjoying your spot in nature. My personal favorite is the hexagon shape paper with the flies and mosquitoes! Along with the patterned paper, there are two coordinating sticker and die-cut sheets.
Skepoet Do you consider the elements to be physical or metaphysical concepts or both?
I don't think the problem is the query letter. I think it's the novel. Some novels you need to write to get them out of your system, but not all novels should be shopped. I have a feeling this might be one of those.
just a couple of glamorous weeks away!
So, this week I'll be playing with my latest off the wall, fanciful, daft idea. It's quite exciting. There might be unicorns!
what one searches only solidified its non-existence
Just Jay: A Memoir: Well at least I think my life story would be fascinating. But as far as this one goes, I’m going to give it a few years before I do such a thing.
Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle (aka "Harold & Kumar Get the Munchies") (2004)
I give Italy kudos though. When the problem was discovered, they stepped up immediately to make it right and paid for the edition they had published. As it was also out of print, they officially reverted the rights they actually never had. *grin*
Pour in the vodkas and the creme de cocoa - using a long spoon, stir well.
to be around,
The review copy was kindly sent by the publishers, Walker Books. If you make a purchase using the Amazon links on this site, a small portion goes to Great Kid Books (at no cost to you!). Thank you for your support.
Dress potatoes & eggs with some mayonnaise
I had it easy. I live in a slam-dunk state. But the people who got the word out, who stood in long lines, who live in parts of the country where making this leap of faith is a HUGE deal...
Why, then, the unease? Because Obama wasn’t speaking primarily to Iran but to Israel. Even when he seemed to be warning Tehran, he was really warning Jerusalem. His goal these last days hasn’t been so much to deter them but us. The headlines got it right: Cool down the war talk. Give sanctions—and diplomacy—a chance.
It's nice to enjoy the simple pleasures. I especially look forward to quiet time on Sunday mornings doing the crossword puzzle with my husband. The kids are away for two hours at Sunday school, and we can relax and pass the newspaper back and forth.
And she sings a funny song.
I wonder when I’ll see you
There were some many amazing entries and Random.org even found it hard to pick our winners!!
12. Flintstones
It's a problem because I start class again tomorrow. And I should have a minimum of 200 pages of reading and a paper to write every week. And my internship is about to ramp up in hours. And not yet on my WIP list is the 400 baby quilts I need to make for all the pregnant women in my life. And the only thing I want to do right now is anything on that WIP list and NOT the readings I am supposed to be doing for the first day of class tomorrow.
Someone near me said, "That's silly. Of course north should be drawn at the top of the map. Everyone knows north is 'up'."
BAD STUFF: Not very unique. But then again, sequels shouldn’t typically BE unique. They are by definition “more of the same”.
each one was destined to where he once sailed
(He was touching the furniture and the paper and blowing his virus across the room.)
11’08 I Wanna Know
Isaiah 42:7
Me: Yes, it is.
I mean, how can a tiny bit of leather like that have any sort of effect?
Tuesday was in the 50's but so windy it really wasn't a good day to be outside much. Which was good because I had to get some serious laundry done.
Jared: You're welcome.
"Oh... they went out for pizza... I wasn't hungry." (looking at Tess)
Banana Man: A bunch.
Fluid sounds of a guitar rasping,
Cambie St & 29th Ave – 8:00-8:05am
She surprised me by buying me these scented green lovelies.
The last meeting in San Luis Obispo between Cal Poly and UCSB set attendance records, and most remember the historic ending. After a goal in the finals minutes of the game, Center Back Pat Sigler hit a game-winning PK that sent a roar throughout the city.
(Fareda continues to tell her story as though she is oblivious to Anwaar’s reaction.)
In the face of my hostility to the truth,
Gods are always fond of plants and foods which their devotees like, are benefitted by and have access to.
This recipe came from FrugalFeeding. The original recipe calls for a “large knob of butter” and “a good slug” of olive oil. Sounds pretty good, right? I lightened it down by using light butter and only a tablespoon of olive oil.
use it in a sentence or draw it for
Many of these strategies are tied to energy conservation, which can be achieved through decreased energy consumption, decreased conventional energy sources or using more energy efficiently.
skate tightener
It must be so annoying that people make these comparisons with the original, but it is inevitable when doing a remake and am sure you would have been concious of this more than anyone. This is why I was so disappointed. The original film had a much tighter story, for example, Lisbeth is monitoring Mikael’s computer and spots what he is working on and helps him solve the bible reference numbers problem. Whereas in your version, you felt the need for the daughter to come and visit to solve this which made it all a bit more long-winded and didn’t help the story move as quickly or help establish the relationship between Lisbeth and Mikael.
The NJC named Justice Dalhatu Adamu as the new acting PCA who took over from Justice Salami immediately.
4 T Whole Butter (unsalted) (T=Tbsp.)
They are adorable stacked, perfect for an ottoman and the ideal way to affordably add a little oomph to your decor! Think children's playrooms as well! I would love to see these done up in bright colors for a Candyland inspired playroom! Next Wednesday, we'll talk about the Gum Drop Pillow which is so cute inter-mingled with the Honey Bun. It's time to spruce up our homes, Folks! Pillows are the perfect way to do that!
But the game wasn't worth a dump,
I know I am repeating myself, but I cannot make this point strongly enough: A legitimate movement with a legitimate grievance was illegitimately but legally banned by a politically motivated mayor and a politically motivated court, after which black clad, politicised state enforcers, armed with batons and dogs, arrested and dispersed legitimate demonstrators because they held a differing political viewpoint.
Taylor (5 years 5 months): The family gathered in Cedar Rapids’ Bever Park for a potluck Mother’s Day picnic. Taylor, more accustomed to “nuggets”, was happy to see that someone had brought “chicken with bones”. (#575)
Meanwhile, up in the hotel Queenie remembered that her main meal had been served in a bowl, which had been placed on top of a flat-plate and she had put the retainer between the two plates.
Third, I went out after work with a couple of colleagues and one of them, who is all of 26, had never heard of the band X. As a result, I went home and burned her a CD that contains, among other bands, X, fIREHOSE, the Meat Puppets, Butthole Surfers, Zeitgeist, Husker Du, and Jim Carroll.
1-2 cinnamon stick
We watched them fly away, and then noticed that this one hadn't gone far. "Look!" I called the five-year-old over, "Look, that one's still right there in the grass!" No sooner had she identified that particular butterfly as her favorite, the one she had dubbed "Late Rose" because it had been the last to emerge from its chrysalis, than we watched as a gray catbird swooped down and caught it in its beak.
-cabbage (1/2, boiled, water squeezed out and roughly chopped)
And it may be a while before I get back to blogging
1 Tbsp. sugar
She feels she will make her parents proud
Both of these effects would be dangerous for Tunisia. Already polarized, Tunisia’s fragile political system would break down if the CPR and Ettaktol abandoned the government. Neither Ennahdha nor the secularists have enough seats to form a majority government. But even barring this extreme example, political parties will find it increasingly difficult to compromise in an even more polarized political environment. With elections scheduled within a year, the government may find it difficult to write the constitution on time – creating further pressure in the system as the country would face a constitutional crisis and the government (in whatever form it took) would face criticism that it could not act.
For many interfaith couples, reading Celebrating Our Differences, or discovering Dovetail, led to an epiphany about the possibility of maintaining and even deepening two separate religious practices in one family, and educating children about both traditions. For me, the child of another passionate 50-year interfaith marriage, reading Ned and Mary’s story affirmed that our happy interfaith family was not a fluke, and documented one pathway to achieving both unity and respectful religious separateness.
relentless war,
The man spoke, his voice raspy. “Right, I know. I just figured you knew I have been getting you all through since Beta.” He turned on another computer screen, which showed a series of hallways one by one. “All the alarms were put on rotation by me, as soon as I recognized your pattern. I have to admit, you have perfect timing. No anomalies whatsoever; The Brain has no idea you are here.”
The lucky winner of last weeks challenge is:
g = 392 = chord 5 seven
Chain Multiples: For instance, chain multiples of 10 plus 8. The item can be as wide as you prefer...lets say 30 stitches plus 8, for a total of 38 (3 X 10, plus 8). Chain 10, then 10 more, then 10 more, ending with 8 more chains. This preset number of stitch segments accommodates the sequencing of stitches to be repeated over and over, plus 8 more to accommodate the right and left margins. Generally border stitches would be worked a tad differently than the over all pattern.
For some, it is the first time and they anxiously fidget in order to look their best; others are here to try their luck once again, sharing their audition experiences and tips with the newbies.
With today’s announcement, the drop in price of RON97 petrol was 5.5 per cent, RON92 (8.4 per cent) and diesel (3.1 per cent).
You captivate me
My SIL Hannah who stays in Ara Damansara buzzed me about this new branch of the famous ngap thui meen (duck drumstick noodle) Pun Chun from Bidor, Perak.
Range: Smarts x 2"
By about 11, though, I knew I was going to give in. I worked for this; I deserved this; I was damned-well gonna enjoy this. I bought a pack of Marlboro Black, feverishly ripped open the cellophane, ruthlessly tore out the golden paper and ripped out a fag. I looked at it, held it to my lips and, already, began thinking of the thick, slick flow of warm smoke that would gently caress my throat as it wound its merry way into my sadistically grateful lungs. I lit up. I sucked. I inhaled. Veni, vidi, vici.
Hodgson gave a good, concise account of himself on Tuesday as he sat flanked by his employers, but he will be wily enough to know that the truest and toughest gauge of public opinion will come in the form of the three Group D games this summer, and even warm-up games with Norway and Belgium before that. The final two games of West Brom’s domestic season will be managed by Hodgson’s habit for professionalism, before he will go about picking his 23 man squad to embark on Europe in June. He will do his bit in preparing England the best he can, but he also needs the media and the like to dismiss the candidancy of Harry Redknapp just like the FA board have done. “This is big, this is England” he rallied on Tuesday, but he also needs the country to be united.
Hmmm, not a true movie buff – I usually can’t even remember the titles, very bad with titles. Beaches with Bette Midler really got a response out of me; I have seen it more than once and cried rivers of tears each time.
Step Two – Strategic Direction
Is it necessary to mention the one trait any tactical light really must have? It must be tough as nails.... all but bulletproof.... and all but idiot proof. Drop it, kick it, take it for a swim, and use it as a hood prop.... but it must work every time.
1. I don’t want/need to discuss my refrigerator’s weight issues, and frankly think George would be rather angry that I am discussing these issues publicly.
Low point: Too much foreshadowing
Our other main was a Vietnamese chicken stir-fry which was pleasant enough, if a little boring. A more generous hand with the lemongrass and chilli would have perked things up a bit.
Was it because I was too scared of what they would think or say?
To understand the actual experience of meditation, it seems logical to understand the definition of it. Meditation means effortlessly remaining in whatever is. Now effortlessly remaining suggest that I sit in whatever is happening around and inside of me. In short, just sitting with my doing, saying, thinking and external environment.
Even though I try desperately to be a Jesus Lover, to live by the Norman Family Creed, to dismantle the Failure Siren, it all came to a head last week. I now understand better than ever before why the Lord implores us to humble ourselves. Being humbled by the reality of your own sinful nature totally sucks. The difference between knowing in your head that you are a sinner, and watching your sin punch someone you love in the stomach is severe.
Lysol Disinfecting Wipes 8.9 OZ. (252 g)
can ya tell i am? more looking forward to 2 days off work than anything so bloomin tired! lol n sick of the site of crackers and biscuits!
The inverted approach will follow this flow: the students read the textbook and watch videos before class. In class, we answer clicker questions (to get a conceptual understanding) and get practice on the basic skills (taking derivatives, doing contour integrals, etc).
And I’m enjoying this ride no end.
This started me thinking about the perception of the term “perpetual student” and the many connotations that the term could have. I decided to look up the actual definition just to clarify that my understanding was not wrong. The definition of “perpetual student” states:
Thanks to Pat Brough for putting this video 'highlight film' together. Not sure how you did it, but it's great to have it all in one place (at least until youtube takes it down). As you can probably guess, their 'ice cream show' was shown in little segments between extreme weather reports, news, and local weather on the 8's, so it would have taken you two hours to see what Pat compressed into that little video.
(You have 24 hours to claim your prize, or I will choose another winner.)
That night I mounted Jon. I rode him like a unicycle over a cobblestone street. In the morning, when he saw me, he ran out to catch the train. I checked the sheets to see if there was any extra I could stuff back up inside myself, but thankfully I think I had got it all last night. My tank was full up.
In the end, the short term average of the AAII bull ratio is little changed and still at contrarian bullish levels:
Puffs of blood spurt from missing limbs and gaping wounds.
Grave men, near death, who see with blinding sight
Pharoah Sanders: Saxophonist Pharoah Sanders was initially part of John Coltrane’s group before scoring his own hit with 1969’s “The Creator Has a Master Plan.” The saxophonist went on to become a world-class leader, waxing the East-meets-West-meets-Africa of these two great albums from 1973.
Next, it is also important to describe our e-mail network. While the server is Linux, there is only one other Linux desktop (mine). The majority of our desktops are Windows XP Pro systems, with some Macs, and most users also have either an IPhone or an Android smart phone. Each of these uses different e-mail clients and methods of dealing with SSL encryption. But more on that soon.
And were you left wondering why he wasn't doing anything?
In the feminism chapter from the shoe book, Barnard mentioned “Feminism points out that there are gender differences and argues that the gendered position of the understanding subject has a part to play in, and makes a difference to, the understanding of understanding.” To some extent, the user of Pinterest is also creating their understanding of certain words (usually the title of their collection board), e.g. on User A’s board “Spring”, she not only put what people would normally put: flowers, but also pictures of Easter and St. Patrick’s Day, which shows she might be a religious person. The Spring collection might have influence in the following way (1) to other viewers, who has never thought from a holiday or religious perspective about spring, they may have more insights about the season now (2) shape the author’s own understanding of spring by consistent interaction with the board. It’s like the part and whole relationship we covered in previous class: the author’s “horizon” affects what she puts on the board named Spring, and what she put on the board (sometimes may be a random or suddenly inspired choice) will also cast influence on her understandings.
Some friends and I were supposed to run everyday around the Washington SyCip Park but the rains just won't allow us to do it. Since I finally had the time to pick this card up--I'm out of excuses. There's no rain inside the gym.
Samuel Adams Boston Ale
In October 1991, Petitioner, appearing pro se, filed the present petition for relief pursuant to Sec. 2254 in the United States District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma. In this petition, Petitioner raised the following two grounds for relief: (1) he was denied his Sixth Amendment right to the effective assistance of counsel because of his attorney’s conflict of interest–i.e., the same attorney represented both Petitioner and Dodson; and (2) the separate convictions and sentences for felony murder and the underlying felony–i.e., armed robbery, violated the Double Jeopardy Clause of the Fifth Amendment. Respondent filed a motion to dismiss the petition for failure to exhaust state remedies as to Petitioner’s claim of ineffective assistance of counsel.
"You'd better watch out and stop eating chocolate," my boyfriend said helpfully, "otherwise that'll be you soon."
Since the fall of communism in the former Soviet Union in 1991, the world has gained greater access to Eastern European archives. This emerging historical field still poses serious research problems for genealogists seeking ancestors in this part of the world. Some countries forbid access to and duplication of their historical treasures. Genealogists often have to learn to read several foreign languages in order to trace single pedigrees. The Federation of East European Family History Societies (FEEFHS) is committed to sharing the latest genealogical research developments for Eastern and Central Europe with the public and facilitating the usage of these sources.
The topic of conversation turned to their audio of a clip culled from this weekend's episode of HBO's "Real Time With Bill Maher". In general I have a low opinion of Maher, an unfunny liberal mouthpiece hack, and I was prepared to loathe his guest by name alone: Alexandra Pelosi, daughter of Nancy Pelosi. Yeah, guilt by association, and the rotted crabapple didn't fall far from the tree.
Here are the details about being on the team...
On Opening Day of this season, the Ravens handed the Steelers one of the only real lopsided losses the Steelers have had in a very, very long time. I considered it a very flukey thing, one that the Steelers would probably not suffer again. And they didn't. In fact, moving forward, the Ravens are the ones that looked suspect, losing games to some really BAD teams while the Steelers looked like the Steelers ALWAYS do.
500g braising beef, cut into big pieces
You’ve made it through the first little three-rock-block of cover tunes to open your set with an upbeat, familiar bang. Well, familiar to the college kids you actually want to be playing for at the dive bars downtown, anyway.
The panel of four archbishops included: John Chew, (South East Asia); Henry Luke Orombi, (Uganda); Robert Duncan (ACNA-USA); Mouneer Anis, (Jerusalem and the Middle East); and Assisting Bishop Glenn Davis of Sydney, Australia who stood in for absent Nigerian Primate Nicholas Okoh. New England Bishop Bill Murdoch (ACNA-USA) facilitated the meeting.
delvings into non-Western ethnic music. The sprightly "Eat
Here is my story that will recount to all of you that toddlers still have lots of needs too...
Please tell me if, as a seven-year-old, I was a) one crayon short of a full box of Crayolas; b) wise beyond my years; or c) both, if possible. I recall the 1967 Christmas season, spent earnestly trying to color within the lines of the drawings in my coloring books. My older brother is to blame for my obsession. He had given me a less-than-favorable critique of my artwork.
Since today is Friday, I'll post one of my haikus below.
There was a sound that emanated from her kitchen. A sound of laughter amid cooking noises. It was a common custom for the women of the family to gather in the kitchen, where Mamaw was ever working. Canning beans in the summer, dressing hog meat in the fall, making elaborate family meals in the winter, and coloring Easter eggs in the spring. There were occasional comments about aches and pains from an overworked body, but I never heard complaints about all this work of food preparation and canning and preserving. But plentiful laughter reigned in that room. It was the meeting place for the family. It was where guests were entertained, ranging from family to preachers, to farm hands, to strangers. I have even seen the boot legger sitting there, talking over cattle prices with Papaw while Mamaw cooked the day’s rations. Conversations were punctuated with Mamaw’s comforting cackle.
Jay has been handy man around the house these days. He's been building us a pantry (this house never had one). It will be soooooo nice to have a pantry! He's been working hard and it's almost done! He continues to stay busy at work, then to help hold the house together while I've been sludging through the 1st trimester. Now that I'm starting to feel better, I can start pulling my weight again around the house! ;) Jay is such a great husband and father. I love seeing him play baseball with Eli or reading a book to Jadyn. Love it!
When the first world war broke out, R. HaKohen Kook was caught outside Israel, where he had to spend the war in London and Switzerland until 1918. In 1916 he became rabbi for the Mahzike HaDat in Brick Lane, London, and upon returning to Palestine, he became the rabbi for Jerusalem until 1921, where he became the chief rabbi for the Ashkenazi Jews in Palestine.
I have a drink almost everyday. It keeps me sane ladies! I am super weird about taking medicine (don't even like to take Tylenol) so I have never been a pill popper but wine sure helps me relax after a long day. I eat less and workout so I can afford the calories from alcohol. 5-7 is the longest part of the day for me trying to get Sterling fed, cook our dinner, and bath him all before Matt gets home from work. So I usually pour a glass and start sipping at bath time. Sterling plays and I get some time to just zone out and relax! If I don't drink wine I have vodka with a splash of water and fresh lemon, but I usually save that drink for the weekend. It is a great low calorie drink option. I never drink mixed drinks mixed with sugary mixers. Like for instance I would never order a margarita at a restaurant I would just sip straight tequila instead (slowly). Too many calories plus the hangover is way worse from mixed drinks!
I'm a man of manners, so I nipped to the loo to gather my thoughts and let the panic attack die down. It was there that I saw a bottle marked 'Moonshine'. 'Ha!' I thought. 'You're rumbled, Uncle Clint!' And I necked the lot. It had a distinctly corrosive edge, but was no worse than my home-made absinthe. I think I only blacked out for 10 minutes. Or possibly 100 minutes. Only a zero, innit?
Great Divide Brewing Company Hercules Double IPA
If you have gone to Yahoo! Mail in the past six months, then you've seen those insipid pictures that Yahoo! put up to advertise their picture mail feature. Everytime I see them, I have to make fun of them. So, here are some of the pics and the things that come to my mind when I see them. Feel free to add your own comments.
So I'm doing my best to keep calm and to stay focused on what is important. It's important to be there for my son and to help him to regulate. And I do see that it is taking less from me to help him do that. I am mindful that he has made huge progress.
The cookbook advises that you cook the pud in a glass or ceramic dish. Fine; I've always done so, and got great poofy corners, but sad, sunken middles. The other night, we had seared our beef in a cast-iron skillet before oven time, and there was a great, well-flavored vessel just sitting there.
So what I am trying to say here is NERDS RULE!
Regarding the subjective genitive phrase “through the faith of Christ,” as opposed to, the objective genitive “through faith in Christ” in 3:9, Cousar takes a safe neutral opinion and concludes that it is inconclusive. For Christians of the Reformation, the tendency is to lean toward a reading of “through faith in Christ.” Personally, this is my theological tendency. However, after reading commentaries on Romans and Galatians regarding this same issue, I, too, remain inconclusive…maybe even more confused or uncertain, which can be a good thing sometimes.
So I keep quiet when parents enthuse about how much their children are going to love this and that thing and subject because the parents are planning on making it an important part of their homeschool curriculum. I just wish them the best, and hope that things work out in a way that each person gets to have their own favorite things, and enjoy sharing those favorites with each other!
Reid: you’re funny
The movie Death Proof should have been. Everything a Grindhouse movie should be. Everything a Nicolas Cage movie should be (sans dressing like a bear and punching women in the face). Everything 3D cinema should be. Drive Angry is the most fun you'll have with a movie this side of a Piranha.
Pull out of all the metaphors and cliches for this one. What may have been the greatest ( in terms of vitriol and public attention) rivalry in the history of pop music, Blur vs Oasis, the Gallagher brothers vs Albarn, may have come to end. OK, it’s not even been an issue for years, but the “end” of which I speak may be, in fact, a new beginning of… wait for it… collaboration. Yes, you read that right: collaboration.
titles by author or subject in alphabetical order. But these files, which
This is my latest favorite Christmas Eve dessert. I served it for the first time last year and it was so good it’s on for an encore! Enjoy!
The BN’s response – a hardline one that denied access to Dataran Merdeka, showcased the use of the police via DBKL, involved denial of electoral problems through the EC’s explanatory report as “anomalies” and even featured taxi drivers linked to BN in an appeal to move the venue elsewhere – involved three key elements:
There was also a booth with these beautiful oriental watercolor paintings by Samuel Kim. The one that caught our eye was the two bluebirds - the others I found on his website (click on the picture for a direct link).
It would have been exquisite to watch her bring herself to orgasm, but I could not take the pleasure of watching any longer. I bent closer, trailing her finger with my tongue, tasting where her finger traced. She led my tongue around the landscape of her cunt, hovering on the lips, then at the dip where the lips meet and close over her clit, and then her hand was gone and I made her come the first time with my mouth.
Let’s go into that a little bit.
The model I had written centered around 3 things.
"Girls Night In Strawberry Peanut Butter Pie"
untying the king, they sent him on his way.
Author: K. W. Lessing
The honey-bags steal from the humble-bees,
I absolutely love how this Sympathy card turned out. The flowers are meant to be Florida Clematis. The flowers were made using good quality copy paper for the petals and printed paper from the retired paper pack Paper Garden.
Category: Children
Hamish Dewe / 4 signed works / 72-75
Who would ever have thought that company law would become the main topic of so many football fans?
Dear Heavenly Father, I am so grateful to You for revealing Yourself to me. I will always testify of Your Love and Kindness, so the whole world will recognize Your miracle-working power in my life, and believe in The Lord Jesus Christ! Amen!
So, tonight when I made the mac and cheese I did a boxed Kraft one instead of making it as normal. I used the Kraft Homestyles one that they came out with fairly recently.
2). Auto-updating Apps: Now, logging into the App Store every time to see the available updates and then update each and every app is something cumbersome. How about automatically updating apps? That would be something to chew on. I’m sur that’s going to come but some people might not like it seeing sometimes updates can log you out.
By Vusile Tshabalala, journalist
Dies- Spellbinders Labels 1 and 4
I keep talking about this mini album that I am making for Heather's Birthday (her birthday was in February).
Boring, hard, and no fun!
Level 15: MP Cost: 14, Attacks up to 5 enemies, Damage: 130%, Attacks the enemies 4 times.
What do you think of Post-Rock & Experimental movement in 2002?
6) L. almost never tantrums — it’s not his style. When he does go off, it’s either because he’s sick or tired, or because something in the environment has scared him. Like a vacuum. A power drill. An unexpected noise. Being tipped backward to have his hair washed. And when these things happen, he is almost literally too scared to function.
Parvati
It really is two blinking years. On October 1st. Two years of knowing that ANYTHING on the silly/funny/weird/nonsensical/strange/curious/mad/heart-warming scale can be used IMMEDIATELY, put into words, and kept fresh as a daisy on this blog of mine. And I look back sometimes to see those memories and am hugely thankful, because I just KNOW that so much of what I have written would have been forgotten.
This year a cornfield has been planted across the lane from where I live, and the corn is tall and dense and very, very spooky. Yes, corn does rustle. And yes there are strange noises. And yes, creatures of all kinds live in the corn. Or at least visit it. I’ve seen deer come charging out of the corn and cross the lane in front of me. I’ve seen birds, cats, skunks. And, most astonishing of all, a fox. Never seen a fox before, but there it was, slinking out of a row of stalks. It started crossing the lane in front of me, stopped, stared at me, then streaked back into the corn. Within a second it had disappeared.
Posts like this are difficult to write, because of course I want to go on and on about why black women are awesome (we really are)… but I won’t. Instead, I will explain a few differences between me and my best friend that may or may not have anything to do with the color of our skin.
McBride, assisted Gordon Webster to escape from police custody at the Edenvale Hospital, in Pietermaritzburg. Webster was arrested by the South African Police during the latter part of April 1986. Shots fired by McBride during the escape killed a black man, Mlungize Buthelezi, and injured two others namely, Simpiwe Shage and Nkosinathi Nkabini.
In fact here's a thought - the British Isles have been Catholic for much more of their history than they have been protestant: it isn't the Catholic faith that's the foreign upstart! Pray for the re-conversion of England and her neighbours!
Having a strong social network reduces isolation and stress and stimulates the brain through shared learning experiences and emotional connections. Good friends are good for your brain.
This week I may be watching my little great nephew Davian. His mama is my sister's oldest daughter, Katie. Katie is the French teacher over at the school. She is an amazing girl...childhood leukemia survivor, she has Krohn's disease, and has suffered immensely but has still been my kids' favorite teacher. Her daughter Grace is one of the best kids in this world, I was there when she was born. So I love her like my own. Anyway, Katie and her husband have a new baby, born at the end of January, Mr. Davian. He is SO beautiful. Katie is back to work, and daddy is a stay-at-home dad. Well, he has to go in to work sometimes, and that is where I come in. I am absolutely thrilled to have a chance to take care of this little guy. So I have my work cut out for me today. The regular Monday stuff, and staying out of the cake. I feel like just eating the whole thing and ending the battle, but it don't work like that.
But I digress... then there is still the shopping to be done for gifts. The returns (already) for exchanges. The cookies and treats to be made. The cards to be sent (!) how behind on those am I?? What else can I pile onto my list? Oh... I desperately need a hair cut. Like, I'm ready to put my hair in a pony tail and lop it off.
Fifty-five years later, Whiting and her fourth husband, Jack Wrangler, honored Mercer with a musical tribute called “Dream,” which ran for 133 performances on Broadway.
but inside I think it's really cute.
This gives you some idea of what the bigger "stands" at the fair look like. Penguin, Random House, Macmillan, HarperCollins, Scholastic, Walker, Hachette all have big display areas with huge posters and a sort of counter with a receptionist or two. But most publishers have a much more modest set-up with a few tables and chairs where Rights people are meeting foreign publishers every half hour in a schedule with back-to-back appointments.
Haiti – Two hurricanes, Gustav and Hanna, struck the Caribbean’s poorest nation in little over 4 days, just two weeks after tropical storm Fay had already drenched the country. the hurricanes left at least 200 people dead. The death toll could still climb substantially as thousands of people who escaped to rooftops to avoid rising floodwaters continue to starve. See: Hungry Haitian Flood Victims Stranded on Rooftops.
In summery there is always something special to be found in remembering where you came from.
“They were going to kill them all, so I had to let them out,” 47-year-old Ronald Kasterke told the deputy, according to his arrest report.
“Wait for it …. “ (??)
BEFORE I GO TO SLEEP is an ambitious debut novel: a story told from the point of view of an amnesiac whose memory, both short term and most of her long term, disappears overnight and dumps her back into life each morning over two decades earlier. Even then her memory of life until then is patchy and imperfect.
I surrender …
The feeling is even more-troll-tastic if you actually followed up and checked out Marvel’s latest work the next day.
Eating five servings of fruits and vegetables from the “dirty dozen” list would mean you’d get an average of 14 different pesticides. By choosing five from the clean list, you’d consumer fewer than two pesticides.
fires caused by the delusional beliefs of those
3) Cook until a bit dry.Takes about 2-3 minutes.
So last week, House Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness held hearings intended to question any such expenses under the cover of considering "energy security." A lot of the, you'll pardon the expression, energy went out of the hearings when it developed that for the most past, most of the programs the Pentagon was involved in involved private investments and cost taxpayers almost nothing - and the energy obtained from these projects will cost less than if they had gotten it from conventional sources. It will actually save money.
If you have been on this pinning website, you know how crazy it is! I mean seriously....everything you could think up or imagine is on this site.
I became aware of these developments by word of mouth, but I was to discover later on, by personal experience, the terror of Quatro, to name but one death camp. People were removed from amongst us -- taken to Quatro or Camp 13 -- and disappeared forever without reason. Many of them were slaughtered by one means or another and their ultimate destination was a shallow grave. We heard rumours of execution by being buried alive, amongst many other techniques beyond civilized imagination. The purge created great fear amongst all of us, to the point where the smallest criticism, such as of badly prepared food, was seriously reconsidered by every individual, for one could never be certain that a 'best friend' would keep his mouth shut. (P.49)
Our hope is for our kids to know that: Faith is believing in Jesus even though we can’t see Him
Don't get me wrong. My parents were good parents in that they provided me with a lot, but they had a complete lack of knowledge of what was going on inside me, and how much I dreaded going to school by that time. My dad was way too confident to even know what bullying was like, and my mom was ever so popular in high school. It took a whole tantrum to make them change their mind, and even then, my dad wanted the opinion of the girl who had become my friend. The one I had previously defended from the bullies in class.
Bad gunner tactics: Firing wildly and non-stop, not paying attention to the fact that the belt will eventually burn out and need a chance to cool down. Constantly trying to get higher than what the firing range allows to get that pesky banshee only wastes time. More often than not, frustrated gunners will bail out and stop what can be the deadliest all-round vehicle in Reach.
**FYI: I added some additional pictures to some of my posts from last week of our time in Lake Orion with my family and our visit to Ann Arbor, so be sure to check them out because there are lots of cute shots of your favorite big-eared dog, Lola Beans! (Also, Cam took a lot of the pictures I added, gotta give credit where it's due!)**
but each year i see more and more builders tearing down acres and acres of land to build "communities" of the same ugly 10 house models - and this brings nothing but rage to me - the builders and the people who buy theses home are no more then thieves! - they have stolen land like Columbus did with the Indians - making wildlife have less and less land to live - stealing their homes!
You'll remember that I complained about my mother being overly detached and absent. I punished her hard by refusing contact with her for more than a year. She's come back with a vengeance and is visiting so frequently it's now driving me mental. That old adage 'Be Careful what you wish for" is so fucking true. She's here from 11th - 24th April so expect lots of 'fucking hell, kill me now' posts and tweets during that time peeps.
“You are mean! I can’t even stand up!” Baekhyun pouted his cheek even bigger.
The Hurt Locker
‘Ark’ is a short animated film produced and directed by Marcin Kobylecki and Grzegorz Jonkajtys, released in 2007.
Early on, many well-meaning people acted like Lacey was a burden her family had to bear, especially for Peggy, whose life revolved around caring for their daughter. Once in a while, Peggy viewed her daughter in the same way. She began to question God. “Children are meant to be a gift from the Lord, not a burden, aren’t they? So why is Lacey a burden?”
Destined to inherit the riches of his family, George would become a hapless young man with no ambition and even less intelligence, devoid of the gumption that inhabited his youth. For as a boy he was quite the devious little fellow. A little spoilt and more than a little cunning. Infuriated that Georgiana would girly up the nursery with her fluff and bother, he would set to work to put it right.. A man's world he would create. A world where pirates were aplenty and dollies should hide in their silly little houses lest some wicked pirate were to capture them quickly, cut off their heads and use their locks of hair to tie up the mainsail. Captain Cordoba would keep watch from the chair and alert George of the approaching enemy. Yes a pirate's life seemed just right for little George and justly so a beastly pirate should have beastly pirate things to play with.
The wonderful social lite president of this upscale neighborhood organization took a few photos of me because she felt that my speech was very inspiring to her as well as the room. Talk about a nice compliment!
Wash and soak urad daal for 1 hour. If you are using red chillies soak them with daal. Drain and keep aside for 1 hour (This helps in getting crunchy vada). Grind daal and chillies with salt adding water with a tea spoon.
Small victories win big battles! :)
#2. Abita Amber
I took my National Board assessment yesterday. Already feels like a lifetime ago! I think I did okay. Maybe not 4s on everything but I will indeed be shocked if I don't make the minimum 2.75 (which is like a B-minus) on each one at least. I am SO grateful to my study buddies at ECGen because I think I kicked Ex 3s collective behind. It's the one I had ZERO teaching experience with (emergent literacy) so my cohorts there walked me through it last Thursday and I think I did well. Time will tell!
You know how it is…you’re feeling depressed, maybe you just broke up with someone, or you feel like no one cares about you, so you call up someone who used to care about you–to see if they still care enough about you to listen to you whine about how tough life is? It was one of those long nights. The TV was blaring garbage, and even though I flipped continuously through about 75 channels, nothing could keep my mind off of the hurt–the vague, drumming misery of loneliness. When you’re lonely it’s like you have a big stain on your shirt that you can’t get off, and you can’t change the shirt, either. It’s like someone has gone through your entire wardrobe with a glass of grape juice and a shaky hand.
I can't figure things out.
This bs-filled video is also available on youtube.
Oxenberg
Strawberry cilantro salsa: Diced strawberries, chopped cilantro, and finely chopped jalopenos.
The person who did the Thinking Man sculpure (I´m getting tired, and restless, so I´m not going to look up his name. hahaha :P ) did a ton of other paintings, and they are all downtown outside. I was told about this by one of my host mom´s friends, and then she and I went and saw them the next day. He made the hands and feet super large, so they are out of proportion, in order to be able to see them, and the gestures they make from far away (at least that is what I was told).
Since that afternoon, Rylie wishes to fore go any other activity (ie. ice skating, ballet class, her one movie a week, trips to the bookstore, play dates with friends,) to go to the park with the hopes that Jake will be there. Every day when I pick Rylie up from school and we talk about her day, she gives me the rundown of when and where she saw Jake during the day. She tells me what he said to her, what shirt he was wearing, what he did that was "SO silly."
Where the crook-bone men make war
But now it’s up to voters to take matters into their own hands — since New York’s political leadership has proved too cowardly to do so. They can do this by voting for Cuomo or Paladino only on either the Democratic or Republican lines, in hopes that the minor parties all fall short of the 50,000-vote threshold.
Sometimes it is hard to tell if the mocker is operating from a feeling of genuine superiority, or if he is compensating for low self-esteem. The bully on the playground who pushes little kids around is not tough; he is more afraid than most of the kids he pushes around. He has just learned how to use his size to advantage by intimidating others. Stand up to the bully one time and he’ll usually back down and leave you alone. The mocker is just a bully with words. He pushes and shoves verbally. Don’t engage him at his game. The best means of derailing the mocker is by staying calm in his presence. Sometimes the mocker can be reached simply by asking him/her, "Why do you do that to others?" If they are carrying around a lot of hurt in their hearts, they may be seeking attention in the only way they know how.
As if I didn't have enough to read, I've decided to join two reading challenges next year.
12The lines of his men of war put themselves in order, and make high their ways of destruction against me:
Except life often has a mind of its own. When, at age of forty-six, Daisy suddenly finds herself facing a very different future than the one she had planned--and an uncomfortable evaluation of the past she thought she understood--she realizes that there is still some growing up she needs to do.
The first view presented is the Seventh-Day Adventist view by Skip McCarty. There is much that McCarty rightly uses in defense of the Sabbath-Day view. He rightly starts in Genesis 2:2 and utilizes the Ten Commandments as given in Exodus and Deuteronomy. McCarty clearly holds a continuationist view of the Ten Commandments so much so that he believes the Sabbath rest is still to be held on what our calendars still call Saturday. Texts like Isaiah 56:5-6 & 66:22-23 are used to claim that the Saturday Sabbath rest is universal for all time. However, as Pipa points out, McCarty does not follow his application through since he does not believe we need to obey the other ceremonial observances (p. 76). What makes the Seventh-Day view stand out is that it does not recognize the resurrection event as having any bearing on when the day in which the Sabbath is held – changing from Saturday to Sunday. McCarty concludes his defense with this statement:
To hear a creature of the wood
Author: Riccardo Sciaudone (Grimaldi e Associati)
I hope the President don’t talk too much the way he talk now. If he has nothing to talk then he better shut up. Being the President, he should act the way the people expect him to be. President Noynoy Aquino should act like President!
**Disclaimer
_____I hate discrimination. That's why I hate everyone equally. (funny discrimination quote)
If you’re beginning to sense a little bitterness, well… go with the feeling.
Keep in mind your current business, and where you plan to go with your consumers with products, services, and information that they give you a good value for your money. The warranties that govern the hilton hotel birmingham nec of the hilton hotel birmingham nec what your situation entails, an NEC telephone, Jacksonville companies can take advantage of ECO facility that can be incredibly useful in maintaining a connection with your consumers is critical to your success. An NEC LCD monitors, the hilton hotel birmingham nec are endless with screens varying from 15 to 82 inches. These screens make the hotel birmingham nec along with high-end performance including outstanding image features, comfortable and productive.
Again more cards for the CAS holiday challenge at SCS. Luckily some of these challenges fit perfect with cards that I can make to send to my soldier while he is away from us. And I am finally using some stamps that I have had for a long time without ever inking them up.
This morning Anna and I were assigned to Internal Medicine where we saw a total of 4 patients. One had a urinary tract infection that was easily taken care of with antibiotics. The others all had a sickness called chagas which is a parasite infection. It comes from a fly common around here called the "kissing fly", it bites it's victim and deficates at the same time. When the person itches the bite they rub the feces which containes the parasite into the bite and into thier body. It effects many parts of the body including the heart, stomach and lungs. They have no cure here, so the people just live with it until it consumes them. Very sad, and it is quite common around here because the fly lives in the bricks they commonly make houses out of.
Oh, and I found what the strange Sunflower is called. It's 'Sunspot' and supposed to get 18" - 24" tall according to the packet.
“Tis my pleasure, my lady,” he replied, tucking her hand under his arm and leading her towards the pristine white cloths laid out on the ground. There were cushions for the ladies and the lords to sit on. The knights, being in full armor, preferred to stand, while the squires and pages were busy serving.
Mark Ronson is a sought-after turntablist who's worked with such diverse artists as Macy Gray, Jay-Z, and comedian Jimmy Fallon. The stepson of guitarist Mick Jones of Foreigner, Ronson spent the first eight years of his life growing up in England. Having played guitar and drums from an early age, it wasn't until moving to New York City with his mother that Ronson discovered DJ culture. At age 16, already a fan of such popular hip-hop artists as Run-D.M.C. and the Beastie Boys, Ronson began listening to the various hip-hop mixtapes released every few months by DJs. Inspired, Ronson confiscated his father's record collection and began trying his hand at mixing.
To this day I am still waiting for Good Vibrations to announce their latest African women’s organization partner. Indeed they made profuse promises to me and others that they would replace their support of Clitoraid with support for an organization headed and run by African women who are concerned with the issue of Female Circumcision. We all worked hard to identify potential partners but to this day there has been no announcement. If I were reading this from Good Vibrations, I’d make a move and make an announcement. Clearly the community is watching and waiting…
Kirk is a young, rich brat who doesn’t think of anyone but himself. To celebrate his twenty-first birthday, Kirk throws a big birthday bash at his father’s huge ranch house. As Kirk celebrates, he takes sexually-enhanced drug the rich enjoy called, Alantica Dream. During the party, Kirks enjoys overindulging in the company of many men, relishing in the pleasure of having orgasm after orgasm from his so-called friends. One moment Kirk is enjoying the party and the next, he wakes up in a cage with a uniquely looking red-headed, freckled man. Since any blemish is considered a flaw, Kirk has never seen such a captivating looking man before and he’s immediately intrigued by him. Kirk soon finds out he and the man, Lyndarum, are both to be sold as slaves, and he’s both confused and angered by this. To his dismay, the men who captured him do not believe he is THE Kirk Skelling and they treat him like they would any ordinary slave. But there is something about Lyndarum’s sweet and sexy disposition that Kirk feels an immediate connection with, so he quickly decides to do what he must to keep them both safe. Together. Despite how dire their situation looks, Kirk is determined to get both him and Lyndarum safely away from their captors so they can share a life and love that Kirk never knew he wanted to have until he met Lyndarum. Will they be able to escape captivity and achieve a life and love that both men crave so desperately?
The day after my mango epiphany experience, I had a light bulb moment. Not as good as it sounds. To be precise: my bedroom light bulb exploded.
I used some Bella Blvd. Sophisticates and Family Dynamix papers that I got in my take-home kit from the Layout Workshop at Right at Home Scrapbooking. They were the perfect colors for my theme. And of course... my Whimsy birdie had to be included!
The BBQ chicken though? I'm all over that.
Runner Up: Anchors new one is nice
You never stop believing in me when I don't know,
Munich
Oh, and if you're going to be there, come say hi!!
There is so much foolishness in the world today…how do we protect our boys? Do you have any idea?
- Sentiment is Crafty Sprouts Have A Cool Yule
Turn the oven to 180 C/350 F.
Ok, so I must know, which Reader Space featured on IHeart Organizing, has inspired you to tackle a space in your home? How did it go?
I keep toying with the homemade mocha. I was using my Coco Motion for a while because it would not only heat and mix the raw cacao with the dairy-free milk, but froth the milk a bit, too. However, I noticed that if dairy-free milk alternatives get too hot, the flavor changes. And not in a good way. At least to me. I don’t know about anyone else out there who use dairy-free milk alternatives to make hot drinks.
It's also extraordinary that Obama has followed in Nixon's footsteps by expanding a pointless, hopeless war that he inherited from a predecessor, particularly since it's clear if we leave Afghanistan 10 days from now or 10 years from now the result will be the same.
- Mention your placement year to friends and family so they can keep an eye out for opportunities, it’s often a case of knowing the right person…
*If Boy Scouts is too expensive for you, try a Christian program, Keepers of the Faith. For the price of just the book, you can start a club at your church. They have a boys' club called Contenders of the Faith and a girls' club called Keepers at Home. Both clubs have books with units and projects in them, much the same as the Boy Scouts do, only with a Christian undertone (or really, an overtone), and with respect to the differing roles of men and women.
Congratulations on your recent Best Picture Oscar for The Artist. This makes the second year in a row that The Weinstein Company has won Best Picture! Not to mention sweeping the Best Actor and Actress awards as well. Along with Oscar nominations for Michelle Williams and Kenneth Branagh, this has been a banner year for The Weinstein Company. Why waste time making sequels to Shakespeare in Love, and Bridget Jones’ Diary not to mention Scream 5? It’s time The Weinstein Company add another classy production to hopefully add more Oscar Gold. I’m talking about making a biopic about Elizabeth Barrett Browning and Robert Browning.
After showing some numbers, and how much energy I consume by my self monthly, I think its time to make step forward, if everyone monitor his bill and find the reason behind his/her consumption and solve it, we can help the environment.
p.s. That's our buddy Dan Iead on pedal steel, whom you might've seen playing on the tour we just finished while Jared was in the studio making our next record for us. Also congratulations to The Fling, Emily Sills, and Reed and Stacy from Dangerbird for getting their faces on TV. I'm sure their respective families are proud.
Everything is biographical, Lucian Freud says.
For our first ceramics project this semester (yes, we are finally just finishing it up despite the fact that the semester is almost over and we have done 2 other projects already) we made 4 different pieces to learn the basic building techniques.
The water boss softener resin acts like a magnet, pulling hardness out of the water. Our water tests also allow you to find out whether your water needs to be purified from metal deposits.
“I was driving along, going through the valley, enjoying this beautiful summer afternoon, and the weirdest thing happened when I got to your drive. I’ve held my driving licence for over forty years, but I was compelled to come up your drive, and I’m absolutely convinced that if I’d taken my hands off the wheel, it would’ve just turned and the car would’ve found its way up here…”
At this point I am standing in the kitchen, Amber is making phone calls (trying to figure out if we should go to a dentist or urgent care), and I am dripping water all over the floor. I ask Blake to go grab me some dry clothes and while I quickly change Emma out of her wet bathing suit.
Here’s the thing, indeed no one likes a complaining model but in the real world the model and clients has the liberty to choose and decide. No matter how perfect the model is, no platform is bigger than the rejection they will eventually face. Too beautiful is a flaw, to tall is a flaw, too short is also a flaw and that’s why when a client set to search for a model, there’ll always be a criteria to be fulfilled and that justifies a win-win situation for both the model and client. It seems that the real world provides more rationalization than what the show seems to convey to the public. We are sucked into a reality of a dominating industry full of vultures and struggle of the strong for survival which perhaps is contradicting in opposed to the reality.
Can't have it both ways.
After the meeting I stopped at a hobby store to pick up a gift for my father (diecast Mark II Cortina GT like he used to have). I have known the stores owner since he opened and we have had many conversations about cars and I have bought a good number of birthday presents and gifts even some stuff for me at his store over the years.
1046 ***D-V/6/1989. “The Original Gorgias?” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Starved Rock State Park, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-7, above, pp. 264-78 (1997).)
2. The Salafi and the Belly Dancer. Madame Badia Masabni opened her cabaret in Cairo in 1926, creating the modern form of the ancient art of raqs sharqi or the belly dance; at her cabaret on Opera Square such famous names as Tahia Carioca (who danced at King Farouq's wedding) and Nadia Gamal would achieve stardom. Two years later, in 1928, Sheikh Hasan al-Banna founded the Muslim Brotherhood. Since the 1920s belly dancing and political Islam have rarely intersected without friction; Madame Badia's cabaret was one of the first targets attacked and burned on Black Saturday in 1952. The Egyptian belly-dance scene has gone downhill since the 1950s when a wave of puritanism (socialist then in motivation rather than Islamic) started imposing restrictions. Some fear Islamist dominance could spell its end. But perhaps not: popular Salafist Sheikh Muhammad Hassan has recently been promoting the idea of raising funds to replace the $1,3 billion in aid Egypt gets from the US. Now one of Egypt's best-known belly-dancers, who goes by the name Lucy, has announced she will donate her earnings from a forthcoming television drama to Sheikh Hassan. Sheikh Hassan's views on this do not appear to have been reported.
You will need to cut your bread into 1/2 inch oblong rounds. I lightly spread them with olive oil, rub them with garlic or use garlic powder and toast them until they are golden brown. This can also be done the night before as well. It is key for good Crostini to be crisp and not chewy.
In a posting on the Facebook page calling for Sun Xu’s scholarship to be revoked, Liu wrote that he was quite ‘appalled’ at his remarks:
Despite the hot weather yesterday, families were seen cleaning tombstones, burning paper replicas of various items and offering food to their ancestors.
An evil clockmaker made a figure so beautiful and lifelike that a clockmaker’s apprentice can’t resist to do evil deeds himself. An unputdownable read!
But let’s go back to “divergent thoughts”, the supposed foundation of our creative achievement. It is true that we spend much of our time chasing down ideas. Let’s put it in context, though. First of all, there’s a big difference between actually getting something done and just fantasizing about it over a few beers with friends. It would be really swell if I could just think “I’d like to use X to prove Y!”, pour myself a cold one to celebrate my brilliance and wait for the paper to up and write itself. In real life, I have to sit down and do it. The calculations have to be correct, the argument logically sound. To the extent that “divergent thoughts” enter that part of the process, keeping them in check may well be more important then having them in the first place.
You can change the quantities, I used what I had.
We can only be reconciled to God through trusting in Christ. That is part of the gospel message. In order to do that, it helps to understand who Jesus is and what he has done. One event in the life of Christ that is largely ignored by the evangelical church is the ascension of Christ. I suppose part of the reason for that is that Luke is the only one who gives a solid account of it. It is included in Mark’s gospel, but in the part of the last chapter that most scholars believe was not written by Mark in the original document.
@mummytime, @JodieAnsted, @Woogsworld, @KerriSackville, and @emmasbrain (Woops, wasn’t going to name any names, was I? Oh well…bombs away!)
Under the Clinton administration the very last piece of that protective legislation the Glass-Stiegel Act, was totally destroyed—thus clearing the way for Bush & the Bandits to begin what Obama is now putting the finishing touches on.
Though the town below lay leaved with October blood.
If she says,
Thirty years ago Anwar Sadat, the Egyptian President at the time, said: “The only matter that could take Egypt to war again is water.” During the famine that afflicted this part of Africa in the 1980s, Boutros Boutros Ghali, Egypt’s Foreign Minister who became UN Secretary-General, warned: “The next war in our region will be over water, not politics.”
Also gone are the Pop-Tarts. He is now eating omelets and eggs of every kind, toast, and now and then a couple of pancakes.
Where, for starters, are the laws of quantum mechanics themselves supposed to have come from? Krauss is more or less upfront, as it turns out, about not having a clue about that. He acknowledges (albeit in a parenthesis, and just a few pages before the end of the book) that every­thing he has been talking about simply takes the basic principles of quantum mechanics for granted. “I have no idea if this notion can be usefully dispensed with,” he writes, “or at least I don’t know of any productive work in this regard.” And what if he did know of some productive work in that regard? What if he were in a position to announce, for instance, that the truth of the quantum-mechanical laws can be traced back to the fact that the world has some other, deeper property X? Wouldn’t we still be in a position to ask why X rather than Y? And is there a last such question? Is there some point at which the possibility of asking any further such questions somehow definitively comes to an end? How would that work? What would that be like?
You underestimate the desire of the European political elite to prop up the shambling corpse, no matter what.
But then, they never have.
This stained glass is a depiction of the crowning of King Edgar, the first king of all England (which is debatable). Edgar’s coronation was held at Bath Abbey. King Edgar’s story is an interesting one, but too long for this post and I expect that many sources tell it well. What I find so interesting about this stained glass window is that it seems highly political for a religious institution. Perhaps it stands out so much to me because of my “separation of church and state” American upbringing. I’d be curious how others view this lovely window.
He is in for a real treat with this 11 hour flight..
Men marched asleep. Many had lost their boots
I'm almost jealous though at the way Henry looks at the cute little birdie (LOL).
The Princess and the Goblin (MacDonald)
After trying out HomeRoutines, I decided I need an iPad2 just to organize my life. I have a Droid Global, but those apps don’t seem to compare to iPad apps.
Quoting renowned Archaeologist, Syed Abdul Qudoos, Prof Ehsan said ‘Peshawar is a true metropolis of orient and the legendry city has many secrets to share.’
The BB Cream helps us to save time, because its only application includes moisturizer, sunscreen, anti-redness primer, and foundation, and to save money, because it one product for 7 different actions.
In a large mixing bowl with an electric mixer, cream the butter, beating on low speed until very light and fluffy, about 1 minute. Add the two sugars to the butter and beat on medium speed for 1 minute until very light and creamy. Scrape down the bowl and add the eggs one at a time, beating until completely combined after each addition. Blend in the vanilla extract.
Other MassChallenge startups include HerCampus Media (an online magazine for college women), Cocomama Foods (an all-natural and gluten-free food startup), PK Clean (a clean energy company that turns landfilled plastic into oil) and Artvenue (a site that connects artists with local businesses that’ll showcase their work).
Deion Sanders is of course very well known because he had successful careers in both the NFL and MLB. By successful I mean he actually played in both, but there’s no way I’m going back to actually look at his numbers.
The amendment passed by the Lords calls for MPs and peers to divert attention from criticisms by healthcare professionals and instructs members to avert their eyes or cover their ears whenever anything negative is mentioned about the reforms.
When I banked into the cave opening, he jumped up carefully, but quickly. His thoughts rushed through my mind as he spoke. “Cyrthia, you’re back! What did you bring me, sister? Something different for once, I hope!” I sighed and shook my massive head. “Oh, brother. You should be thankful you’re even being fed.” His eyes shone as he waited for me to present him his breakfast. “I’m so hungry, sister! Please, I am ever so thankful! Just hand it over!”
Good ridiculous though. Just busy, crazy busy.
Don’t follow the crowd. Take advantage of the current values in these companies and actually wind up being one of those people who is at least smiling on the way to the bank.
After checking into our hotels and changing clothes (note to self: wool blazer is NOT a good choice on a tropical island with high humidity...), we headed out for an evening of fun. Following a banquet dinner, we were treated to a phenomenal traditional cultural performance featuring music composed for the event and some amazing dancing. As the performance came to a close, the fireworks began, and all the dancers and singers came back to the stage for the grand finale. The fireworks show was among the best I've ever seen, and the entire spectacle was truly magical. Afterward, we headed to our hotels and settled in for the night, the big event awaiting us in the morning.
The personal stories of Eve and Rabbit unfold against the backdrop of the Meme Media hostage crisis — a specifically modern catastrophe in which a high-tech, bomb-rigged madman storms a reprehensibly exploitative reality show known as KiddieFame while it is in progress, taking child participants hostage, riveting the world’s attention on the city and instigating a tense standoff with authorities. This incident is closely modelled on the real-life Moscow theatre hostage taking of 2002, which lasted from October 23 to October 26 — the same calendar days used to subdivide The Blue Light Project storyline. As well, the KiddieFame hostage-taker uses the alias “Movsar Barayev,” the real-life name of the Chechen rebel leader of the Moscow siege. This background story introduces other key characters, most notably Thom Pegg, a disgraced investigative reporter, stripped of a Pulitzer Prize for faking a source, and now eking out a parasitic existence as a celebrity profiler, who is specifically requested by “Mov” as the one person to whom he is willing to tell his story. This particular crisis frames celebrity culture and the rise of mass murder as a form of personal protest and expression (think Montreal Polytechnique, Columbine, etc., etc.) as two of the story’s key issues, providing Taylor with the opportunity to examine them from a number of different perspectives. The complex, ritualized relationship between the mob that confers celebrity and its anointed recipients is thrown into high relief as the details of the show are revealed. Significantly, Mov explains to Thom that he has emerged from the black and secret heart of the government – his former career was as an operative specializing in “softening up” suspected terrorists slated for torture. Once evil is countenanced by a society, it seems, its manifestations may not be easily predicted.
I choose to let go of old ideas and am open to new ways to do things, to God’s glory in Christ Jesus! Amen!
My family and I are so humbled and grateful for their continued support. THANK YOU!
I love you. You know I do. But I’m running off to Paris to see some old friends… Pierre Marcolini, Jean-Paul Hevin, Christian Constant…
2. What are your thoughts on the magic system that Sanderson is unveiling in this novel?
Council Member James joins Jed Marcus, coordinator of the Fort Greene Association’s Green Fort Greene & Clinton Hill (GFGCH) spring greening initiatives, for a press event on Tuesday, May 12th, at 2:30 pm, in front of Marcus Attorneys, located at 13 Greene Avenue (near Fulton St.)
On your mark. Get set. GO!
07-30 Cleveland, OH – Jacobs Pavilion At Nautica
Oh - and I've lost 15 pounds now since February. Yep.
DEALER: Calibrate this, asshole.A lot has changed since I started this blog 5 years ago. But one thing will never change: Marketers' brainless, pathetic pursuit of young people.
I ran a pretty strong tempo on Tuesday, and nailed my goal paces, and felt strong. So....
So now here are the 3 reasons why I OFFICIALLY HATE VALENTINE’S DAY and why I’m vowing never to celebrate it again:
- Viva Pinata (sooooo sweet… :)
A Quick Note on the Serpent Component:
Hunt the Moon by Karen Chance - 419 pages
You may also know me as Mrs. Mullet. That doesn’t quite ring true either. I used to live in Mulletville, but I fought hard against assimilation. I don’t have a mullet, therefore how can I be Mrs. Mullet? I should be Mrs. Anti-mullet.
She pulls her own teeth.
My dossier showed my first kill was one of the teenagers. So first thing I wanted to do was run up to our hotel room and change my look. THANK GOODNESS I am a girl and overpack for everything. I had 3 suitcases and a million different outfits with me. Over the course of the weekend I think I changed outfits 18 different times. I changed hair and makeup too.
Wolfe, Tom. The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test. New York: Bantam Books, 1968. Print.
I can't say I've ever been a huge fan of these sorts of drinks, and I've expressed my opinion about them in this very space before. But I do understand that people enjoy sugary alcoholic drinks, like ready-made margaritas or "hard" lemonade. My question is: why the energy boost? If you need a pick-me-up, drink some coffee, or better yet, take a nap. And if that's the case, should you really be consuming a lot of alcohol?
Hit men, assassins, loan shark 'muscle'
Likewise, putting two blank areas next to each other is pretty meaningless. Neither space has more emphasis or weight and there's no statement being made. A page from a coloring book is a good example of why this looks pretty uninteresting.
When my oldest got old enough to babysit, they would always make something adventurous while we were gone. The girls still do this with the kids they now babysit. Sometime I must get and share the recipe for Sugar Delight. Helpful menu item if you were hoping to go into a diabetic coma.
Peel the potatoes and carrots, cut them into slices of the thickness of a penny. Wash them well and dry in a tea-cloth. Fry them separately in a frying pan with a little chicken fat.
But, Owatanassami, this is not just the defining issue of our time. This is a make-or-break moment for my reelection chances. Because what’s at stake is whether this will be a country where working people can earn enough to raise a family, build a modest savings, own a home, secure their retirement — or one where Goldman Sachs owns my slutty ass.
The dogs wake me at 5:55 (too early, but a symmetrical number).
I took note of the time and my reactions at various points. These are a few:
He will bring hope where there has only been despair.
NFL Comparison: Titus Young
Is that really such a big deal? Well, it might be. When many Christians today use the term “personal relationship with Christ,” what they are really talking about is a “private relationship with Christ.” More and more believers are opting-out of church altogether and are choosing to have a more personal religion. The idea is that my religious faith is between only me and God and doesn’t need to involve anyone else. The bottom line, we are told, is that “It’s not about religion; it’s about relationship.”
I was prompted on several occasions while reading through this book to write complete essays in contradiction to Grudem’s positions. (Maybe I still will through the coming month. You can start looking forward for those.) In many cases he uses bad information, relies on traditional values, and assumes the reader agrees with his premise. He quotes Aristotle, a totalitarian, on defining marriage. He uses gross logical fallacies to build his argument on national defense. Some of what he says is completely accurate, particularly about the environment and special interest groups. But in other areas he contradicts himself when suggesting that the public school system is flawed and then presenting how he would fix it without actually restructuring it. Furthermore, He wrote this several years ago before current events that would contradict several things he said. He suggest that nuclear power plants present little to no risk as a form of energy. Something I think he would retract in light of the tragedy in Japan. He supported Mitt Romney in the 2008 nomination, and he makes a special effort to attack Ron Paul. In many ways, this book already has an expiration date and it is already a couple years old.
1894 East Washington Avenue
I loved TLC when I was growing up, and I was devastated when the one I wanted to be (she was sooo cool, I even wanted her Eagle with and 80 over it tattoo) tragically died 10 years ago today.
I was just listening to some songs on Youtube the other day, and I happened to think of a song I had not heard in a while, so I checked it out once again. R. Kelly's "Real Talk" is a VERY funny song.
General notes:
Onto the real reason for today's post... Jeff's 6 YEAR CANCER ANNIVERSARY!!!...
However, I always find it strange when directors cast non-language-speaking actors in prominent roles, and then have them dubbed over. It doesn’t seem to happen that often anymore, but I have seen easily a half-dozen European films from the 60’s and 70’s that were cast this way. I’ve always wondered how this works for a director. For example, Burt Lancaster and Alain Delon are the primary characters in The Leopard, and neither speaks a bit of Italian. The dubbing is quite obvious, and also rather discombobulating at first. What was the reasoning behind casting these particular actors? Did Lancaster and Delon have a certain look that made their lack of Italian language skills a secondary consideration? It’s true that both men fit their roles perfectly, but as with foreign films that have been dubbed for the international market, I always feel that there is something particular missing when the actor’s physical presence doesn’t match his dialog. When films are subtitled, it may be difficult at times to take in both the translated dialog and the visual components, but at least the originality of the actor’s delivery and individual voice is retained. In this case, watching Lancaster was a bizarre transaction – an actor speaking in English, then dubbed over in Italian, and then subtitled again in English.
7. Philip squared – Jonny Lang – “Still Rainin’”
Stickers
Banaian said, “I was ending being the department chair and our daughter turned 16 and doesn’t need as much of her dad. We thought, ‘now’s the time to run.”
They came quickly, First from the left. Milligan and I were both shooting. I saw two men fall, then they came from the right. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Milligan turn and run toward the cliff. Three men were approaching quickly, I fired and two went down, I pulled the trigger again and nothing happened. I was out of bullets. This was it, now or never.Time moved slowly, there was shooting from behind and something buzzed passed my head. The open space in front of me grew larger and larger. I wondered what had happened to ole Jakes. I was falling through the air ,the muddy water comming up at me fast. It was no longer inviting.
So I painted the boxe then after it was dry I used the stencil in each corner and stippled on the ink using a large stipple brush. I let then used embossing powder to make the images pop a bit more. I was still not super happy with the look so used the overlay again and stippled again and off set it just a bit and used a different color of embossing powder. LOVE the out come so far.
I love the month of September, it is the kick off to college football GO HAWKS! It also the start of fall (September 23) and it is also the month of our Anniversary! The last 4 years as September 1st has come i get so excited to get to spend another year with my loving Husband! It is hard to believe that we will be celebrating 4 years of wedded bliss this month, can't wait!
Every year, tons of material that could be recycled aren't, and end up clogging our already overwhelmed dumps, waterways and roadsides. Most people think it's a difficult undertaking to organize a recycling center at home. However, with some creativity and commitment, it can be easy to do. You'll feel better about yourself doing your part to care for the environment as a result, too.
* 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
Peeta has been in love with Katniss since they were children – but she does not know this until much later. She knows that once when she was very young and her family was starving he threw her a loaf of bread; she never forgot this and felt indebted to him. She doesn’t know his true feelings for her and distrusts him, knowing they may have to kill each other in the end.
So when poor old Joe takes a southerly gaze upon a co-worker he is performing a perfunctory duty of all men to take a look at the (Insert favorite breast name here) Not knowing that the advertisements he is the target of are not real. Silly Joe, Silly Joe.
So feel free to keep reading about our lives here, but you will need to seriously lower your expectations of how frequent I'll be updating. I can't promise more pics will be up on Facebook either . . .
So, yeah. It's not often that I'd think to say this.
That sets the cognition of a potentiated idea’s resolution
The majority of us do not condone any act of violence on our streets and I hope the police will bring to book those responsible for the fracas on April 28.
(Just to be clear: I've been single since December, not January first.)
Warning Signs of Alcohol Abuse: If you answer “yes” to any of the following questions, you may have a problem with alcohol:
Right, now all that's out of the way, I've been holding this in all blog, and I need to get it out: EEEHEEHEEHEEHEE I'M PUBLISHED WAHOOOOOO!
I started to notice I was getting facial hair- my eyebrows and upper lip were getting hairy and my chin too. I had to start waxing and plucking frequently.
Now for the next anime update. This one concerns a recently airing anime called “Hyouka”. I am still pretty unsure about this anime, but the first 2 episodes already give a hint of what it’s going to be. Since both Episodes 1 and 2 has mystery solving in it, and the synopsis from MyAnimeList seems to give away the actualy spoiler that is supposed to be revealed in episode 3, I find it quite interesting already. Though, I am still unsure whether to download it or not, I still can’t find that “Download Quality” in it. Anyway, it is pretty interesting so you can go check it out if you want.
The Ohio application has a statement that you are swearing to that says, "I desire a legal means to carry a concealed handgun for defense of myself or a member of my family while engaged in lawful activity." I believe that is a pretty good place to start and I think you really have to be careful when you go beyond that and intervene with your gun on behalf of others.
2)Stand in the long queue for at least fifteen- twenty minutes. Sometimes even half an hour, considering if it's a very prominent temple.
Everyone’s individual “Avengers” story gets super moments. Robert Downey Jr brings a new sense of gravitas to his usually camp play with Iron Man. He’s still fun, but saving the earth is a serious business, after all.
TRANSUNION, EQUIFAX, take note. Your BAR attorneys will not be able to
I turned around and caught Anton watching me with a faint smile on his lips. It seemed to be mocking me. Stupid boy, he'll never love you either.
Them laws of thermodynamics ain’t no slouch, incidentally. The first one – pretty much the “no conjuring” rule as described above – is among the most solidly convincing theories in modern science. If you throw that out, then a whole lot of really useful physics goes with it. Centuries of sophisticated learning and understanding shouldn’t be scribbled over with the first new and crazy idea to come along with Earth-shattering claims.
So, two weeks into the New Year and I'd heard nothing. No calls to tell me my car was fixed, nor even any to ask me to pay ridiculous amounts of money to have it fixed. Nothing. So I phoned them - already expecting bad things. MY car was ready to collect and only £56 to pay. How good is that?! Wait. What did they do to the car? Well, nothing. It still needs the dashboard replacing! Cost £900!
When I am nominated for sainthood, please vote for me.
FB has eaten the left side of my brain.... not to make lite of all the great prostitute contacts I get in my e-mail everyday from some sort of bug I picked up from my very first FB contact (remember? I wrote about the old flame I found...). The upside being that he gave me a computer bug in my old age and not a vaggie bug in my youth. Life always has it's silver linings.
Don't laugh. When the "majority" took over in South Africa," the first targets were our national symbols".
I did cheat since I wanted to get a handle of coloring it and not worry also about making it so I bought it from the COOP grocery store here. Which I am glad they now have things for decorating cakes. When I first moved here it was really bad and you left to a few choices as to what to put on the cake.
This weekend was the second retreat. Friday night, we were sitting around telling stories. One lady was a total cat person. I tried to tell my tale in a way that would convey that while I don't agree with her lifestyle choice, it is hers to make and I know God doesn't hold it against her.
In our head, that’s exactly what Look, Stranger!’s Thom Thumb was shouting repeatedly as he cut up and re-tooled Kites latest single, “This Jumped Up Boy In Livery”. His fist no doubt pumping the air repeatedly in euphoria as the track slowly ceased to be the intoxicatingly introspective synth concoction of the original and instead took on a kind of dark house vibe, peppered with light jazz piano, trance and even what sounds like a smidgen of UK garage (remember that?).
The causes of this sickness are many and complex. But three things can be said with certainty: every one of them is the fault of the liberal intelligentsia; every one of them was instituted or exacerbated by the Labour government; and at the very heart of these problems lies the breakdown of the family.
Why, of course I could! I followed after her, trying to master my excitement. It was a German Shepherd puppy, I just knew it. The Heavens had intervened, and were about to provide me with my canine soulmate--a gorgeous creature, better than any dog I had ever imagined.
Steve Reed, Rafael Betancourt, Huston Street = 4 points
We managed to be near the front of the pack which is great. The beginning of the walk is thru the main downtown street and it usually gets bunched up and slow there. It is fun because a lot of the restuarants have outdoor seating and they get a free floor show and we get a lot of cheering on - but it does slow us down.
I think I've transfered my important bookmarks!
We’ve gotten through other ‘stuff’ too—again, via a conscious choice to do so. We’ve drawn lines in the sand and made up our minds to agree to disagree on certain subjects. We’ve learned to joke about topics that were very hot a few years ago (not that we agree on them either and probably never will).
Fit a water butt (or as many as you can accommodate) to your house, shed or greenhouse.
Peter was writing about facts, not myths; about Jesus the Messiah who had come in power, not weakness; about Jesus as God’s beloved Son, not simply a man bearing the curse of God in crucifixion.
during the long midnights
Two types of leaves exist on a lot of trees, not all, but enough to frustrate you if you’re using google to look up pictures of leaves and the same species comes up with several different looking leaves. Now, do not confuse this a picture of what someone claims to be a sugar maple with seven points vs. another picture of one with three points. The only major differences in the leaves are thickness of the leaf and how wide or narrow the curves are between the points.
Here is exactly what the channel directed at its viewers (the visual at the beginning of this article accompanies it):
The sun burned relentlessly those first days. He survived the blast by the grace of the unholy, confined as he was. His hunger spiked.
Since the announcement came in December that Stern will be taking the place of Piers Morgan on the show, viewers have had mixed reactions, but most seem eager to check out his judging style.
Taste 3 (out of 5)
Early that morning, I stepped off a curb while running and felt a sharp pain in my foot. X-rays showed a 5th metatarsal fracture. No weight-bearing for 6 to 8 weeks. Boo.
Plot is good. Characters are well thought of – especially in the Joseon times. Oh, specifically our Joseon F4 Rangers! Music is appropriate. Let’s see what the next episode has to offer. I hope I get to have more of that funny scenes or maybe even better.
Egged on by some school friends, W.B. can spend hours discussing nothing but the various Pokemon, their powers, what they "evolve" into, and their fighting skills. Did I say hours? I meant days.
Yay I finished it! I measured the hem when I was done, and it was about 5 metres! Unfortunately I probably won't get to wear it till next year now, as summer seems to be over. I'd feel silly wearing such a summery print and colour when it was cloudy and chilly!
Favourite name for a boy? Henry
What is it? Before I attempt to answer, two points: (a) it is not a secret, and (b) if it was easy, Jobs’s competitors would have done it – but they didn’t. Let’s look at some case studies from the book in chronological order.
Across the street from where we live is an empty plot of land. When we moved in, the land was barren; the usual desert natural landscape with a few desert shrubs and lots of tumbleweeds. Suddenly, there was activity with bulldozers, blades attached, merrily scraping the plot of land; leveling the surface. Right now there is silence, but, soon we will have a parade of construction workers, pouring, pounding and building.
I hope you enjoyed this video, I know I did, Johnny is such an inspiration and he knows it, which is awesome! Can’t wait to see more of these “webisodes” in the near future!
-once beets are out of the oven, layer vegetables in a mason jar and pour liquid over vegetables
Why can’t they make beautiful, soul lifting stories about that side?
Zoinks! - Well and Good (Dr. Strange. Pop punk)
1/12: 550 Foll/3 Men./Ganirelix
I say this loving Dakota but she looks unable to rock --she's no Carmen Sternwood, she's not even the rather alarmingly focused creature belting out an a capella "Hound Dog" in the 2007 movie of that name (my review here). There are 16 year-olds out there who are going on 23 and there are 16 year-olds out there going on 11. Dakota was an 11 year-old going on 30 but now she seems to have inversed that arc, while Cherie was clearly still 'advancing' to an alarming degree. Maybe the studio hoped Fanning would mature during the filming, for certain she's due to pop into womanhood any day... if she lets it happen. There are ways that girls can prevent it, and I shudder to think that Dakota's following in so many young girls' DSM IV-certified child actor anorexic stunted growth footsteps. In THE RUNAWAYS Dakota's still just a deer in the headlights, not yet a she-wolf eating said deer. Fanning lets Kristen Stewart do all the heavy lifting while she lies in the corner, sucks her thumb, and acts coy. Is she even having fun? Does she still like to pull the wings off flies? Are you getting all these super-droll BIG SLEEP references?
She sat up and looked at me. “Do I look like I know cause I don’t” she said in an agitated voice. “But I do know how many men came to visit me everyday since I started, 59. Do you wanna be number 60?” she reached for my belt buckle.
While we were trying to manoeuvre out of the contract, the urbanisme had sent round their minion to take a look at the fantastical construction out of the back of our house. I was not present for the visit, but I can imagine there was much tut tutting and head shaking, and pursing of lips. Minion beetled back to the town hall, and issued a Procès Verbal against Mr A for his shenanigans.
I can't worry about the big picture. All I can do is what I can do right now. And right now all I can do for this baby girl is give her a safe, warm place to grow.
And I also have accounts with major distributors in America and Australia.
Mentors do leave a mark on our lives, don’t they?
I do know this: that I continue to be concerned with the way that increasing admission fees at our public museums and art galleries, paired with disappearing free hours for permanent-collection access or weekly evening access, is contributing to a situation where a whole new generation of Canadians likely has little option but to devalue art, just as art institutions devalue them.
1. Olay Skin Smoothing Wash- removes deep down dirty stuff from your pores, exfoliates and smooths out skin texture in just a few uses, seriously amazing stuff.
Freedom is partial to no race. Freedom has no religion. Freedom favors no ethnicity. Freedom discriminates not between rich and poor countries. Inevitably freedom will overwhelm Ethiopia. —Eskinder Nega
Light-meters, lenses, flashes with heavy flash-packs...
Joshua Bell joined the orchestra for Brahms’s Violin Concerto. The first movement could be accounted an unalloyed success, its orchestral introduction – ‘introduction’ hardly seems appropriate here – beautifully handled by Jurowski: well-phrased, mellifluous, clear of purpose. Bell’s tone proved silvery and golden by turn, the latter coming to predominate, always perfectly centred upon the notes. However, he could show vehemence where required, though even then it would be exquisitely shaded. And how the second subject sang – both from soloist and orchestra! Form was clear, as it should be, but without turning into a mere formula; there was always, for which Jurowski must surely be credited, a keen sense of the organic to Brahms’s progress. Bell should be applauded for trying out his own cadenza but, alas, it proved no match for Joachim’s. As for the rest of the movement, though, I could find no fault whatsoever; nor should I have wished to do so. It was unfortunate, to say the least, that an alarm of some sort coincided with the opening bar of the slow movement. But the real problem, or rather one of the two real problems, was the tempo: it simply sounded too fast for an Adagio, and more importantly, too fast for this Adagio. The opening, moreover, emerged a little too moulded in Jurowski’s hands. Bell seemed at times simply to be trying too hard. One could not fault his playing as violin playing, but his seeming insistence to wring out the last drop of intensity from every phrase became a little too much: Brahms veered dangerously close to Korngold, and Bell’s approach seemed strangely at odds with Jurowski’s. The finale was ideally paced: there was clearly much for the audience to enjoy and, I dare say, to swoon over, but a little less would have been more for me. Bell’s approach seemed better suited to lovers of violin virtuosity than Brahms, but if you consider Brahms an out-and-out Romantic, closer to Paganini than to Schoenberg, you would probably have thought differently. Even I, however, wearied a little of the intensity of his vibrato. It all seemed a great pity, since the first movement had promised so much, but sections of the audience whistled and hollered nevertheless.
She keeps on trying that little girl of mine…over and over and over again. I’m aware that her challenge for sitting is the same thing that makes her adorable, those tiny arms.
The timer can be used to help me focus on one job/task at at time, and it can be used to get me to do a job/task I hate or am avoiding. Either way, the timer is my best friend.
Myth Tradition: Bring the homework packet for Iliad 20, which we’ll discuss in class.
Author Christy Tillery French: “Gosh, Betty, I’ve gone through it eight times now, so I don’t do much of anything other than whoop and holler and say yahoooooooooeeeeeeeeeeee! I do go out to dinner with my hubby and kids, if they don’t have anything planned. I do take a short break from writing when I’m finished with a manuscript. (I’m feeling so alone because I don’t have any kind of ritual to celebrate. Hmmmmm…)”
Jimmy, born June 19, 1881, was a New York boy and a golden one at that, raised in Greenwich Village among the bohemians, the son of an Irish immigrant who became a well connected Democratic assemblyman. Walker's first passion seems to be music; in 1905 he stormed Tin Pan Alley writing songs such as "There's Music In The Rustle Of A Skirt" and "Will You Love Me in December As You Do in May?" with its melancholy refrain:
and in my arms,
I missed my flight sitting in the terminal. I was not listening to headphones, I was not distracted. I did not fall asleep. Yet somehow, I missed my flight, when apparently the flight attendants repeatedly called my name over the loudspeaker. First call, final boarding, I missed it all. I sat there oblivious to my surroundings.
A link is also to be found to the left of this blog in our links list...
We will... I always thought I'd want it to be a surprise but...
I know women who can afford the finest but reject it and others who will exist on toast and tea to save for something special. Most of us inhabit a comfortable mid-ground, with a few "bests" and many basics.
Best Lip Gloss
15In vain lost Eloisa weeps and prays,
it’s been a while
This is a band that while I was living in S.F. I think many of us took for granted, because they played shows in the Bay Area all the time. I saw these guys a lot, seemed like they were on every show. Sometimes I wasn't even paying attention to them. They always sorta reminded me of a younger, poor mans Adolescents. I bought the 12" before actually ever seeing them. The reason I bought it was because I noticed there was a song titled "fight back". I was pretty sure this must be a cover of the Discharge song with the same name. Nope, not even close. I was pretty closed minded at this point in my life, and really just wanted loud and fast, so this 12" sorta let me down when i plunked the needle down on the platter. It took me years to rediscover this. Its great.. melodic, and catchy as fuck punk rock. Pretty sure these guys were from San Jose(although the addy on the back jacket is from somewhere else). It was produced by someone from the Faction(not Steve C). Enjoy.
Anywhere you go
It seems like a lot. There are 3 components to this cake. But they are all pretty straight forward and not too difficult.
Not quite 8:15, they mix the powdered milk substance into the soy yogurt.
In the morning, however, there was no phone call. They just showed up and since Sweet Pea had already awakened me (she has one of those bodies that wakes up between 6 & 7am no matter what time she goes to bed - it's maddening) I heard them open the sliding glass door downstairs to let our cat Clark in, who had stayed out all night. So, we got up and made breakfast and then I got to work. With entertaining grandparents here I was able to grab the vacuum and clean up the carpets. Then I took a shower and Slipshod left for his overnight business trip. After that I attacked all the yucky spots on the carpets with the shampooer. Our clothes dryer stopped making heat a few days ago so since we can no longer use it to dry (until we get it fixed, of course, but I have yet to call a repair shop) and we had been talking about using non-electric ways to dry our clothes anyway, before the grandparents left and while The Bug was napping I ran out to the hardware store and bought a wooden drying rack which shall now do its duty in the guest room bathtub except when the tub is needed for actual people washing. I also bought some clothesline and clothes pins for the back yard and tomorrow I get to figure out where I'm going to tie the line and hang the clothes. Once I get that worked out I'll need to rewash a load and a half of laundry. We did not have enough hangers or shower rails to get everything out and hung up to dry when the dryer died. Stinky!
The first time I read about anything being purposefully burned in Mauritania, beneath that scorching desert sun, it was from 2009, and the prescription medicines that the government destroyed because they were out of date or illegally imported pseudo-meds, in both cases highly dangerous. They had a bonfire, same as the little springtime ceremonies in Nouadhibou, where police torch impressive quantities of illicit drugs captured from the well-established trafficking routes. The drugs trade bonfires are likely timed to coincide with a visit by representatives of a source of international funding for the prevention of trafficking.
But most importantly, the idea that higher education and the degree that comes with it is vital to furthering a career and making good money needs to be squashed. It’s no longer relevant and, in fact, is completely misleading.
Though this is, as I mentioned, the umpteenth time I’ve gone down this path, it is not without reason that I bring up my renewed interest in health here, on a blog ostensibly about books. After finishing The Fault in Our Stars over the weekend, which focuses primarily on the lives of two teenagers with cancer, I came into Monday feeling particularly shitty about my inability to take care of my perfectly functional 26-year-old body.
12- The Russian Woodpecker Duga Radar Array, Chenobyl, Ukraine
Not a word was heard at the tomb that day.
a perfect little hairstyle for the weekend... careless and easy! I thought this was such a wonderful picture-slash-tutorial. Hopefully you give this one a try! What are your favorite weekend hairstyles?
I was licking sauce off my fingers the entire meal. That's how BBQ is supposed to be!
Do not ever put your hands on a woman uninvited. Some women have no objection to ‘touchy feely’ encounters, others are horrified by it. Respect the person until you have had the opportunity to know more about her. Touching can be a lovely flirty action, but should be confined to the arms or resting the hand just above the arms and NOT touching, until you know more. Test the personal space by moving closer, noticing the reactions then moving back a little to remove the threat.
The charm of Lycanthrophy is their vocal female/male duo that quickly changes between the verses accompanied by some really tight arrangements of fast and furious grind. Riffs and such aren't really exceptional here but the drumwork on the other had really drives the whole thing into space.
Now, let’s examine at the Method of Justification, meaning how it’s done – how God ordained it to be. We want to know why there is justification, what is justification, and how justification works. These inquiries mirror three of life’s biggest questions for every one of us: Why am I here? Who put me here? How did He do it?
never try to trick you,
Even after he became president, Reagan's fondness for Jelly Bellies didn't diminish, and large colorful jars of them were often prominently displayed on his desk in the Oval Office, in the Cabinet Room, and even on Air Force One.
Finally, the Board noted that the registered mark is entitled to a narrow scope of protection in light of various design and utility patents in evidence that suggest that such ornamental designs on fence rails are "nor particularly unique or unusual," and therefore that purchasers "would be accustomed to making distinctions based on more subtle differences in the marks."
Let cakes cool completely before topping. I used a simple icing made from powdered sugar and lemon juice but will be looking at trying out something a little more special for the actual wedding cakes.
glitter on her head and nose. She loves to come to visit me from under
He then decided to call up Iqra, knowing that she would have got up by now. However dejection greeted him when he called her because her phone was still switched off. Letting out a deep sigh, he decided to go back to his room and try sleeping again. Hence he came back to his room, pulled his blankets over him and tried to sleep once again. Almost an hour had passed and there was still no sign of sleep. He was still tossing and turning in his bed, when suddenly he felt the phone vibrate.
All writers are told by their publishers, that they have to say the latest one. All writers are told you don’t announce ‘oh no, this isn’t my favourite book, my favourite book is the second one’ (chuckling).
And how eternally bitter hope can be. It tastes oh so sweet if it is fulfilled, but a long and drawn out, fruitless hope turns the soul sour. It stings, and you can’t help it. After every sting, you cover it up with more hope, until the moment has passed, and your hope is in the past. And then what are you left with? Well you are certainly not alone. Because trust me, another little piece of hope, however unrelated, will find its way into your life.
He was one of my totally uncool Mom’s favorite singers, which by definition, meant he had to be someone I’d detest.
What I learnt that day, even after I got robbed again on completion of my interview with Ara (that Drummer girl *winks*), was that both days I was dressing amazing. Suits can be a trouble at nights in Lagos, puts you on the thugs’ ‘”He’s either a Banker or some rich dude,’” list. That night at Get Arena, more attention was on me, coz I was the guy in suit and Dayo Ephraim didn’t get much trouble.
I don't think I like it.
Having only played with my mom's iPad (my mom's iPad, how wrong is that sentence?), I wasn't sure what it would be like using a tablet as my only computer while at the conference.
One of our case studies was child labour in Pakistan, and how eliminating it cost some 20,000 women (home workers) their jobs (monitoring in the home is tough!).
After a little bit of hesitant start she was happy and excited and I even got a drawing of me done.
I intend to write more this year. As well as writing my book for Bloomsbury I would like to write at least one other book for children or teens. I still harbour ambitions to write a graphic novel and I may try my hand at writing a screenplay this year too. But I would also like to write something for adults. I'm not absolutely sure what that will be yet, but I'll let you know if and when it comes to anything.
These are only two of infinitely many ways to parent, but they illustrate an important point because, at first glance, they are almost diametrically opposing strategies, yet they promise some of the same results, like raising an independent child. And a closer look at these two seemingly very different philosophies will reveal a very important similarity between them, in that the ultimate goal is to raise a "better" child, or even "the best" child. If you follow the rules according to the philosophy, you will get your "wonder child." If your kid doesn't turn out exactly as you planned, you must have done it wrong.
And those of their attackers that were apprehended: Jesse Lee Cooks, J.C. Simon (aka J.C.X. Simon), Larry Green, Manuel Moore, Leroy Doctor and Anthony Cornelius Harris.
Time –7:00pm –11.30pm (1st act onstage 8.00pm) £5 on Guestlist £8 non Guestlist Email weplaymusic@dejavufm.com for Guestlist Email for press/blog enquiries
About 1 Tbsp. unsalted butter
"This need go no further." He leans into her, "It could be worse Corina. If they found out you've come here or reported this to the police...it could be much worse."
But even if God is the proper person to whom sins ought to be confessed, has He power to carry out his judgments — that is, if He forgives, can He effect His pardon, and defend, clear, and cleanse the one confessing? The answer can be a blanket “yes” only if God is almighty.
She was allergic to the anesthesia she’d been given. She was left alone, asphyxiated and went into cardiac arrest. She had been suffocating for five minutes before anyone realized there was a problem. Our mother was brain dead.
Are there any other questions on her bookshelves that I left out? Feel free to ask, and I'll update the list above with answers!
Well here I am.
Another thing that is different this time around is my documenting each month for Oliver. I did it with the Mason and Lily and we will see if I can keep it up with Oliver. I sort of already failed because I forgot to do his 1 month updates haha, but I will just combine it with this month and see what I can remember. I am going to try really hard this year to stay on top of the blog so I don't have to spend a month catching up on everything to make the blog book at the end of the year, anyway...
Here he is opening the pocket.
Mobile phones running Google Android software extended their market share lead over Apple’s iPhone during the fourth quarter of 2011, market research outfit Gartner says.
Here it is, going:
It's been a bad night for the LibDems but it's also been a bad night for Labour who, despite having probably the most favourable climate possible to gain seats against their opponents given the difficult decisions the government has had to make, failed to make the kinds of gains expected. They should have gained well over 1000 seats and that would just have put them back to where they were before their disastrous 2007 local election performance. Starting from a low base, as they were, gave them a chance to make substantial gains. And the Tories, starting from such a high watermark, were widely predicted to lose hundreds, if not over a thousand seats. In the end they actual GAINED seats! On top of all this Labour lost in Scotland and it looks like Ed Miliband has led the Yes To AV campaign to a humiliating defeat as well. The broadcast media have been quick to airbrush his elbowing of Nick Clegg out from the campaign leadership and are focusing on blaming Clegg, which is quite unfair.
But that shit ain’t the truth. The truth is you’re the weak. And I’m the tyranny of evil men. But I’m tryin’. I’m tryin’ real hard to be a shepherd.
Roses also used as a simple token of affection and love of a man to a women so it's is very useful in a man courting a woman who wanted to win the heart of the woman...I remember my hubby always gave me a bunch of white roses and he succeeded...maybe because he gave me white roses he told me that is a symbol of pure intentions of love and I believed in him until now.
Our bangles will also be available at selected artisan markets in Queensland soon.
“You wanna know why, Tee?”
Miami-based ABC Charters, a company that has been offering flights from Miami to Cuba, has secured landing rights in Cuba for flights from Tampa, the airport said in a press release. Tessie Aral, president of ABC Charters, told the airport that the first flight from Tampa to Cuba could start as early as Sept. 10.
The seven had also refused to fill the vacant seats in the CWC that were reserved for them.
Arsenic and Old Lace
-Punk follows but this backfires on Jericho in the ring.
by Blodeuedd
If the dossier arrives today then we have a few hours to put it together with translations, make three photo copies of every page (with translations, medical lab reports, 3 years of tax returns, authentications and legalizations that's probably going to be 100 pages in the original copy.) Then it will fly Fed Ex next day air to arrive at the home of a family traveling on Saturday morning. Allowing ONE day (Monday) to sneak this thing in under the May 1st cutoff.
3 Les Heros Sont Fatigues
3 tbsp olive oil
The other night I settled into my regular evening spot on the gliding chair. E collected his favourite soft brown blanket and stuffed friends to join me for some bedtime stories. Every night he climbs into what Hubby and I call his "little nook", his safe haven on my lap.
The Glory of Brooklyn’s Gowanus is available for purchase at Book Court (163 Court St.), the two local Barnes & Noble stores (106 Court St. and 267 Seventh Ave.), The Strand bookstore in Manhattan and on Amazon.com.
I made this card for my Mom...she's having a meniscus repair(knee)...and I know she'll definately be feeling trunky. My Mom and Dad go to Arizona in the winter, Canadian Snowbirds, when they're there...I order online stuff like crazy and ship it to their address. Shipping to Canada is a fortune sometimes...whereas...in the US...shipping is free mostly. They came home this month and one of my purchases was more My Pink Stamper stamps...I love these. I saw this sentiment and I couldn't resist.
Section 24D(1) holds that a contract term is substantially unfair when;
He gathered up his soutane and strode off,
My thrower, Mr. Hodgensworth stays back in safety, looking for someone to get open, but he feels like he's watching the three stooges with all these guys going stupid and hurting themselves!
The movie hasn’t changed a bit (well other than the stars that Cameron CGI’d in to be the exact replica of the stars on that night), and yet I appreciate it so much more. I’ve seen it countless times, and I found myself tearing up at various points throughout the film, and practically bawling like a baby at the end, when she returns to the Titanic. The script is hilarious, in my opinion, and the movie isn’t particularly well-acted by Kate and Leo, but somehow, it still manages to touch my heart in a way very few movies can.
I am addicted to Thirty -One bags. The utility tote is one of my all time favorites. I own a few and use them for various things. J’s toddler bag, my teacher’s tote, softball snack bag, and beach/pool bag are a few of our family’s uses. Check out Teresa’ 31 Uses for the Utility Tote and get some ideas of your own.
As this process continues, you will all become living examples for others to emulate and follow. It will become obvious that you know of what you speak, for the evidence will shine before them.
There was a time when Tim Burton was one of my favourite directors. But things took a turn around about his remake of Planet of the Apes. Personally I don’t think he’s lost his talent, as at the very least he has one or two moments that shine, but I think he’s become very comfortable in what he does and doesn’t want to push himself. However in Dark Shadows I saw the potential to push him self once more; sure the first trailer didn’t fill me with hope but I was still hopeful.
I did find this today that was very encouraging. http://wehaveroom.blogspot.com/2011/11/weimer-kids-on-adoption.html For everyone who has a bad experience with adoption, there are lots of beautiful stories. I am not wearing rose-colored glasses, but I do believe that God is at work.
Wilson’s major concern was time; he had promised the Libyans that he would set up a manufacturing laboratory near Tripoli for the production of assassination weapons in August. Qaddafi, in turn, promised to pay him $1 million in cash immediately upon arrival of the first batch of timers, explosives and other equipment that would be needed. Manufacturing the weapons themselves in Libya would be no problem; men such as John Harper, who was paid more than $2,000 a week by Wilson and Terpil, agreed to go to Libya and begin training Libyans in the art of disguising explosives in ashtrays, flowerpots, lamps and other household goods that could be triggered by delayed timing devices. Scientific Communications came through on its promise to deliver the prototype timers within 30 days. The Texas company had handled legitimate and sensitive contracts for the C.I.A., but this one was different and the firm’s president, Joe Halpain, knew it. He personally delivered the timers, hidden in plastic-prescription bottles for export to Libya, to a motel near C.I.A. head-quarters, where they were picked up by Wilson and Mulcahy. Far more difficult were the issues of where to purchase the volatile chemical explosives needed for the production of the assassination weapons and how to slip them into Libya. The necessary explosives included TNT and a variety of lethal plastiques-among them RDX, formally known as cyclotrimethylenetrinitramine-which were designated as Class A explosives by the Department of Transportation and could not be shipped on passenger and cargo aircraft. Wilson and Terpil again reached into the ranks of C.I.A. contractors and found a California firm, J.S. Brower and Associates of Pomona, which agreed to supply the chemicals, all of which were considered defense articles that could not be exported without Federal licensing. One problem remained: how to get the timers and explosives into Libya. In early August, 1976, Mulcahy attended a meeting at the offices of Inter-Technology in Washington with a cargo sales manager of Lufthansa German Airlines, which has passenger service from Germany to Tripoli. The sales manager, Walter Doerr, categorically refused to ship the explosives, legally or otherwise, on a passenger craft. And he refused to charter a special cargo plane because of the high risk of explosion. Later that day, Terpil arranged a meeting with Jerome S. Brower, the 61-year-old president of Brower and Associates, who was a highly respected figure in his industry (and later was asked to advise Congress’s Office of Technology Assessment on a proposed method of marking and tracing explosives used in international terrorism). Brower was shown a list of all the chemicals that Inter-Technology wanted to purchase for the Libyan operation. Mulcahy recalled that Brower immediately exclaimed: ”Hey, you don’t need all this stuff for mine clearance.”
They tried their hand at disco in 1979 with "Boogie on Up / Don't Stop Me" 7"
"Hey, check it. It's 11:11."
That's just it. You won't know what effect your story will have on a person, or lots of people, unless you smack that self-doubt in the face and write your story. And then make it the best you can. And then, when it's ready, open the doors and let people see into the world you created.
Repeat with the green icing, filling in the leaf.
The cinematography is an absolute pleasure here, and that is forever to be expected from Academy Award winning director of photography Dean Cundey. In the opening minutes of the film, we are given stunning shots of the immense arctic landscape that clearly establish how isolated our characters are. The photography can even prove to be terribly creepy at times such as the storage room scene after MacReady breaks into the compound. Kurt Russell looks ghostly with the brilliant blue lighting upon his snow covered self. Cinematography in a Carpenter film has always been a strong point, and you cannot deny its strength here. It helps evoke the proper emotions at the right times by capturing atmosphere in its compositions and lighting. Another such element is Ennio Morricone’s score. Right from the get go, it sets the tone for the entire film. It grips you and never lets go. This score is haunting, relentless, brooding, and terribly chilling. This is such a powerful score, and despite that Carpenter did not compose it, it does have many elements of his own scores in it. Morricone had scored many “spaghetti” westerns including The Good, The Bad, & The Ugly, and we would later score The Untouchables. To this day, Morricone continues to score many films, mostly Italian ones.
Before and After World War Two
I finished the treatment by glueing the swags in place centered and folded the raw edge over the top of the frame. Next I glued the jabots on to the left and right sides leaving 1/2" for the side returns. "Returns" refers to the flap of fabric folded around the sides of the drapery to finish the swag.
floor stand for quite some time, and dithering
“They asked for time to pay me, but it was not going to be all of it.
Becca: Your Mom is really classy.
The citadel- forgive me but I don’t remember any names of the cities because I keep calling them the names from heroes 3- the one that used to be tower, is a strong city with cool heroes and a well functioning army. It is a bit hard to use because I have very little patience with the gargoyles and the golems, but it works.
* Green house gas emission: The blocked water in the dam causes generation of green house gas (methane).
This article is reprinted with permission from MaineBiz. Derek Rice, author. Third of four parts.
Of course, anyone who knows me, knows that I love the black and white photo. No surprises there.
So there you have it. I'm a trained and experienced photojournalist but when it came to seeing Magda in grave danger, I didn't get the shot.
But I’m still here. My kids still have their mother.
The author of these lyrics was delighted by the idea. “That’s great, that is!” he exclaimed. “We could invite the press round and get some good publicity about our marriage for a change.”
3 want
The sources pointed out that the Saudis also questioned the rector’s moves to sign memorandums of understanding (MoUs) with Iranian universities. They also complained to President Asif Ali Zardari saying that the university was not being run according to the objectives for which it was established during Ziaul Haq’s regime, and that “enlightened moderation” was being promoted instead." (thanks Junaid)
The Quebec report takes a purely utilitarian approach to the euthanasia question. In the committee’s estimation, legalizing euthanasia will do more good than harm – and that justifies allowing it.
Then we went downtown and checked in to say hello to their cousin, Kaetlyn at the bookstore and then it was to the Science Centre. This is the second time taking both of them there and the third time for Sloan and they love it. The theme right now is 'in space' and there are lots of space toys and costumes and even a space station tent thingy. We were there for more than 2 hours.
I am getting better at feeding myself though. Just so you know.
Fight for EVERYONE in every circumstance. If we have the love of God it should come as no extra work or issue in our lives.
buds hold tight within themselves
“I shot Will,” I say, “while he was under the simulation. I killed him. He was going to kill me, but I killed him. My friend.”
Okay....great. Thanks.
them and make them matter,
And there we come to my one major reservation about this book. God exists in this universe, as does the Devil. We're even told the Devil was kicked out of heaven in something resembling the standard Miltonian version of events. All fine and good -- I have no problem with fantasy that assumes Christian myths are true anymore than I have a problem that involves Greek or Norse gods. But then this story does involve Greek and Norse gods -- and suddenly we're facing the Xena Problem: how do you reconcile these incompatible mythos?
We have tried to explain and show them footage of the show but we really wont know how they (or us for that matter) will truly react when we see a life size 72 foot tall Brachiosaur until tomorrow night.
Justin McCahren
caution not to compare the two, it's hard not to get excited about a new option
I did take quick photographs of things we have finished (I will take better ones later because these are not the world's best pics).
This is important to consumers
Pour butter mixture into dry ingredients, forms into soft dough.
Our establishment are doing this to us only half consciously, they are doing it because they are the product of a radical ideology designed for an entirely different purpose. They and the generation before them were created and indoctrinated by people who hoped to see the West overthrown by a Communist East. Although that purpose no longer exists the mindset has long been fixed, Western Culture must be destroyed, and if the Soviet Union is no longer there to do it, Islam and mixed marriage will work well enough. So, although the aims have changed, they carry the project forward, and indoctrinate new generations because they have been programmed to do so.
Nikki Loftin has written a fantastic present-day spin on a treasured fairy tale. The Sinister Sweetness of Splendid Academy was a quick read that drew me in and kept me guessing throughout the story.
If, unlike me, you don’t have a yellow streak a mile wide running down your back you might be interested in checking out a playable verion of the new Colonial Marines game at the MCM Expo.
“Don’t believe in trying to do all these things?
Doug: Piloted by five techs, this "multi-million dollar piece of merchandise" prepares to engage the Hulk. And right away, we have a cutaway -- to Gamma Base, where Doc Samson is trying to help some transient get his memory back. OK, back to fightin'. This Quintronic Man is weird, in that the tech in the head orders the guys running the four limbs to do certain things. Of course it's all pictured as if it would be fluid, but I'm thinking the delay in reaction time is going to cost somebody down the road here. Hulk scoffs at this new robot, but is soon on his backside. Foolishly thinking they've KO'd him on the first kick, the Quintronic Man moves in. Bad choice. He's barely able to parry the Hulk, who despite falling backward is able to rip the asphalt from under the giant.
And the bigger and quicker and thicker and slicker the bullshite falls
Robert Wilson
These stone structures were to become the first network of Peterkirks throughout Pictland, many of which survive at least in name: from St Peter’s at Restenneth in Forfarshire through the Mearns (Meigle, Tealing); over the Mounth (dividing mountain range between present Kincardine and Aberdeenshire) into Mar and Buchan, foundations to Peter were placed at Glenbuchat, Peterculter, Aberdeen (Spittal), Fyvie, Peterugie (Peterhead), Deer, Rathven-in-Enzie (now Buckie), Bellie, Essil-Dipple, Duffus, Drumdelgie and Inveravon.
Patterned Paper: Wisteria by Basic Grey
You know those times when you're driving in your car, and all of a sudden you've reached your destination, but you're not sure how you got there? That's kind of how I feel today.
If you are a parent, I’m sure that at some time or other you have felt the stares. Perhaps you’ve heard the whispered comments behind your back. Or you’ve even been exposed to open criticism. No matter what you do, there will ALWAYS be someone who doesn’t like it! And while some people just cast a disapproving glance, others will get in your face and tell you that you are doing everything wrong. That you’re just a mean mama and maybe you’re even messing up your children’s futures! Wow. That’s never a good feeling. And every time you get in this situation, you must evaluate if there is any truth to the person’s accusations. Hopefully you’re confident in your parenting abilities and can dismiss most of these without too much thought. Hopefully you can also take any element of truth and incorporate it into your parenting style without too much stress as well!
Before we hide this doctrine away in the attic of our hearts and just tolerate its existence, let’s think about the domino effect that de-emphasizing hell has on the rest of the Christian faith. First, we know that hell is God’s just punishment for sin and it is eternal in length (Matthew 25:31-36). As a punishment for sin, hell speaks directly to the seriousness of our crimes. God has chosen a punishment for sin that corresponds perfectly to the wickedness of our violations. If we diminish the importance of the doctrine of hell, then we diminish the severity of sin and if we diminish the severity of sin then we downgrade the holiness of God because sin is, first and foremost, an offense against his name (Psalm 51:4). Sin would not be as awful if people were the only ones we sinned against, but because every sin is essentially an act of rebellion wherein we choose not to give glory to a holy God (1 Corinthians 10:31), then hell is perfectly just. Going further, if we diminish the seriousness of sin, then we fail to understand the Gospel. If sin is not really as bad as hell says it is, then Jesus’ death on the cross becomes less loving and less sacrificial because our need to be rescued is not as dire as we once believed. Then, if our rescue from sin loses its magnificence, suddenly our motivation for living an obedient life of service is also diminished and we become even lazier in our devotion to the King.
By chanting the names of God—because these names are non-different from the substance of God—one’s being comes directly in touch with God. By being in contact with the vibration of God the dust of the heart, or all of the chains which keep us stuck in the vagaries of our ego, is removed. It is a very simple practice of meditation on sound vibration, yet what can be more sophisticated and wonderful than the presence of God?
2. The opening line says the kid sister needs to go, but the next paragraph makes it sound like the brother is the one moving "foster siblings etc." So not only is this a gimmick, it's a confusing gimmick. Very not good.
Honest With Me
The point of all of the above is to show and record a crucial era in attitudes to children, reading and children's literature in the Victorian era. As we move across the pond to the United States, while our puritanical standards would likewise rear up to shout down literature deemed "inappropriate", there was a much larger middle and lower class and a smaller "cultural elite" calling the shots on a population consisting, even more so by the end of the century, primarily of diverse immigrant backgrounds. Cheap publications like those spearheaded by Street and Smith starting in the 1850's would provide adventurous respites for children. Tip Top Weekly debuted America's first continuing fiction hero, Burt L. Standish's Frank Merriwell and others would follow suit as comic strips, comic booklets, dime novels, pulps and eventually comic books (as we know them), provided the middle and lower classes with cheap, sensationalist reading material.
Now the loud voice of wanting in my head is shrieking with rage because I've abandoned it and it doesn't have an anchor anymore. It's desperately trying to seek one, and I'm just watching and listening. Not judging, not giving in to its ludicrous demands, just seeing. Just hearing. Go ahead and rant and rave, I can't stop you anyway. I will just wait here in the quiet you can't touch until you diminish, which is already happening and is in fact the reason you're being so obnoxious, trying to cling to life.
When we went into Barcelona last week we discovered a Christmas market in front of the old cathedral in the Gothic Quarter. Most of the stalls were selling nativity scene mangers and all the figurines that go with it. Apparently, this is a major form of Christmas decoration in Spain. They do Christmas trees here also, but its the nativity scene that they can go all out with. This is because it is not just the manager scene like is popular back home. Here it extends to the entire village of Bethlehem so it can be a major production to recreate all the pastures and town of Bethlehem. In the stalls they were selling moss that is used for the pastures, and some stalls sold all the buildings, i.e. mangers, farmhouses, inns, etc. Many of these buildings came complete with little (working) water fountains, and flickering battery powered lanterns, etc. And some stalls sold the figurines. It was actually not that easy to find the central figures (Mary, Joseph, Jesus, Angel, cradle) because I guess most people already have those. It’s all the outlying characters that people can really add to every year to create bigger and better “Beléns”.
But it's perfect for giving those F-111's a place to lay their wings back and thunder across the terrain at near twice the speed of sound and maybe two hundred or so feet above the ground.
Expert 2
Someone else on the shuttle bus was in worse shape, though. Lucien, who was standing next to me, suddenly said the words every plane-fearing mother on her way to certain doom loves to hear -- "Mommy, I'm gonna be sick."
The package makes much of the staggered arrival of spectators before events, but ignores that fact that people will leave afterwards en masse (particularly, late at night).
I thought for a moment. “Dane, come here.”
Moments like these are a great equalizer as it forces the very powerful to stand side by side with those who are mere mortals. In many ways it is a perfect illustration of the idea of community. Community comes from the Greek word Koinonia, which means, “Coming together.” Something that happens very often in a superhero team. That team is something huge, even bigger then one single member. As Nick Fury tells Tony Stark at the end of the first Iron Man movie,” Did you think you were the only superhero ? You have taken a step into a much larger world and you just don’t even know it yet.”
The policy is based on the school of thought that smaller class sizes allow children to benefit from greater individual attention thereby improving their overall performance.
Claude and Camille by Stephanie Cowell, the story of Claude Monet in his young struggling years which led to the birth of impressionism and his great love for his model and wife , the tragic Camille. The Boston Globe said, "an enthralling story, beautifully told" and Bookpage added, "A vivid portrait of Monet's remarkable career." www.stephaniecowell.com
Stornoway
Aside from the two problematic reels mentioned above, the digitally remastered image looks very pleasing, considering that the original is fifty years old. Contrast is good, and there are few blemishes, though some scenes appear somewhat bright and shimmering could be detected from time to time in background details, such as the stucco walls of the house. Unlike the stylized font used in the prints that circulated on the festival circuit and which appear in the video streaming over at The Auteurs, the subs on the DVD are standard typeface. The casual banter between Kim Young-jin and Bong Joon-ho on the commentary track and Lee Yeon-ho’s essay in the booklet add little to our appreciation of the film. The stills gallery however is beautifully presented and is well worth a look. It is to be hoped that Criterion will deem The Housemaid worthy of the treatment given to Bergman’s The Seventh Seal. In the meantime, the Korean release is acceptable and very reasonably priced.
Ok, you know by now that your mother is a complete geek. It’s no secret, I’m sure. That having been said, I’m going to share with you an excerpt from a book written by one of my all time favorite writers. Dr. Maya Angelou is a champion of driving out prejudice. She is a feminist, a civil rights activist, and one of the most talented authoresses of the 20th and 21st centuries. Her book, I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings, was one of the most beautifully written memoirs I’ve ever read. Someday I hope you’ll get around to reading it too. This is the foreward of another one of her books, Letters to My Daughter. I find in it some of the words I’m not quite eloquent enough to write to you.
Let us not forget that Suarez has NOT been found guilty of a criminal offence in a court of law. He has been charged and found guilty by a sporting body overseeing a sport. The burden of proof is completely different.
I've left no one off the list by intent...if I missed someone, it's an oversight.
So why did Kunt and The Gang get nominated for the Malcolm Hardee Cunning Stunt Award for best publicity stunt promoting a performer or show at the Fringe?
unheard by the trees
Planning for and dreaming of the future are essential for success in this life and the next. Identifying and setting goals, big and small, are keys to laying the foundation and mapping out the steps necessary to realizing your vision. In fact, I’ve written about Setting Goals and Fostering Good Habits with our children.
Defeat as victory, hatred as the only way to a united Ireland, a lure for another generation's young men: "The victim's wheezy triumph." The 1981 hunger strikes eerily recall the desperation of 1920 for his generation fighting the British, and each other. Henry is pressured to inform by both sides, now the Irish police against Irish republicans. "I changed the tense from past to present and informed on people long dead."
Back to explosives. Their eyes light up like from nothing else. It’s weird. (Non)Jokes about lost fingers and eyebrows aside, fireworks are serious here. They turn up in high culture. At a 700-year-old mansion of the ‘chieftain’ (their word) of the Naxi people down here in Yunan (we’re visiting southwestern China, beside Burma — town of Lijian), the leader’s palace had wooden carved windows. Along with birds, dragons, flowers, there were decorative images of fireworks.
This space is somewhere for me to share an incy wincy piece of the thoughts that usually don’t form themselves at the right time or in the appropriate situation, this is a space for me to record things whilst sharing what’s going on with people who otherwise may have no idea because I don’t talk often enough. Sometimes it’s like a giant brainstorming session, allowing me to get all the thoughts out there to finally figure out what’s going on. This is where my mind gets spoken the most.
A woman is like a tea bag. You never know how strong it is until it’s in hot water. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Silence marks the beginning of time
Yes, slave labour, stimulated by the threat of being burned with a hot iron or thrown out a 19th floor window, or merely by the promise from a snakehead people-trafficker of a salary marginally above the starvation levels of poverty you have left your family to wallow in at home (c.f. Slumdog Milionaire), will give you that.
Shedloads of books and articles have been written about the Victorian loss of faith and the tendency of those who believe in nothing to believe in everything, but Conan Doyle, after all, was the creator of the ultimate, rational problem-solving machine, who refused to believe in the supernatural, and who didn’t have the slightest problem with ‘crossing the moor in those dark hours when the powers of evil are exalted’. Exposure to theosophy didn’t apparently lead very far at the time – Doyle became ‘suspicious of the Blavatsky cult’ – but Drayson, a Fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society was one of a large number of trained scientists who spent a lot of time trying to reconcile observed ‘psychic’ phenomena (or phenomena believed to have been observed) with the laws of biology and of physics.
6. Books for children to read since there will be no TV or internet and they will be frightened. Recommend lightly-themed books with happy endings.
McElveen JC Jr, Jones JD, Day, Reavis, Pogue. Fetal protection policies. The Occupational and Environmental Medicine Report 1988; 2: 57-58.
Google estimates that as of August 2010, there were 129,864,880 books in existence. Which means that the total number of books that will be published in 2012 is more than 1/10 of all the books in existence. That is an unfathomable jump, a 500% increase in a single year. (That is correct, right? 3,000,000 times 500% = 15,000,000.) Unbelievable.
I was staring. But so was he. Intensity radiated off of him, mingling with my fascination in the air between us. Time had no meaning. It could have been hours, minutes, or seconds that we faced each other in silence. Then he moved and the connection broke. I felt as if I had been hurled back into my body.
We were quiet for a few minutes. I leaned my head on his chest and listened to the sound of his breathing.
Imagine a miniature language of only eight words, represented by the letters a through g. For the sake of this example, I will assign to each “word” an arbitrary “definition” that is made up out some of the other seven “words.”
Kessler concluded:
I really wish my child would take his nap... there's LOTS of laundry to fold and LOTS of dog hair to vaccume (I hate trying to spell that word).
We couldn't run a 5th anniversary retrospective without some sort of commentary on our favorite artists and albums in recent memory. We decided to contain our lists to this decade - 2000 to the present is compact enough to feel relevant to our organization's history, but stretches far enough back to include the artists who inspired us to start a site like betterPropaganda in the first place.
If the discourse on rock is taken at face value, it can be divided into three periods from the perspective of authenticity. Authenticity was the paradigm of the discourse in the period 1965-80, which makes the period until 1965 the ‘pre-authentic period’ and the eighties and nineties the ‘post-authentic period’. However, the study of cultural production should not isolate the discourse from other elements of the field (Bourdieu, 1993) and this article will furthermore point to the importance of broadening the perspective from Anglo-American music and discourse to other areas. Through this double widening from a narrow discourse analysis the conception of authenticity can not be locked within simple periodisation but becomes a key to the changing and multiple meaning of rock and to the gradual breakdown of centre-periphery relations in the rock field.
Michal conferred with his wife and they came to the reluctant decision that she would now have to buy all of their groceries. Even Michal thought that this was unfair, as the shopping was one of the few domestic chores that he could attempt with any confidence. That evening his wife was as faraway as a mountain, and she would not respond to his kisses. Once she was dozing in her armchair, Michal slipped out to the local pub. There are actually no real pubs in Bruntsfield, because this neighbourhood contains no straightforward working people, but let’s pretend that Montpeliers is a pub.
The following concerns a question in a physics degree exam at the University of Copenhagen :-
Did I like them as a human being? Hardly.
Why did they wait five years to settle up the estate?
Make a statement by filling pretty bottles with your favorite Herbal Infused Waters... so chic!
ihs
The deceased … was married to Miss Mary Bloom; they had fifteen children, eleven still live to mourn the loss of a very kind and affectionate father; the widow mourns for her kind and beloved companion. He died of a fever, about the 9th day during his sickness we had the privilege of conversing with him on the subject of religion; he was deeply engaged for the salvation of his precious soul; we prayed with him, and when we had left the room he remarked to his wife, that he felt as much refreshed as if he had taken a cooling drink of water.
- Your parents are morons and you mumble under your breath that everyone is an “idiot” which doesn’t matter because your mom is one too and she wont notice.
Biotin/Vitamin H/Vitamin B Factor – In every living cell and in larger amounts in milk and yeast. Used as a texturizer in cosmetics, shampoos, and creams. Alternatives: plant sources.
"It’s a whippet, he’s fast!"
What's up on South First Street? Activity. Tons of activity. One of my favorite chef teams recently opened their own French-inspired restaurant that is turning heads left and right. Todd Duplechan (formerly of Trio at the Four Seasons) and Jessica Maher (formerly of Dishalicious and Dai Due) brought upscale dining with warm ambience to my neck of the woods. Todd is truly a master of execution. He can take any run of the mill recipe and execute it so well that it makes you wonder what kind of magic he's doing in the back. Add that to Jessica's expert ways with butter, flour, and sugar; and life is good in the 78704. The restaurant is called Lenoir, pronounced like Len- waaaaaaaaa. Follow them on Twitter @Lenoir_Austin.
Despite the cheesy reality show, this book is actually really good. It’s a story about a girl who grows in her faith and comes out of her shell. There are things in this story that are mixed up. Some things are too hard on her and some things are way too easy on her. The other girls and host of the show are way too hard on her and sharing her faith, particularly with Christian hater, is just way too easy. However, the author makes it work well and you put down the book with a feeling that the author understood teens completely.
Cal - 278
Since the azaleas stopped blooming weeks ago, they're here primarily to provide structure to help hold other stems in place. Hydrangeas also work well for this purpose. This approach makes it possible to avoid having to use oasis (wet floral foam) to hold flowers where you want them. Some florists say cut flowers last longer in water minus the foam. It's certainly easier to tell when additional water (or changing the water completely) is needed.
Prediction: I think that Cardiff are decent but we should have enough going forward… 2-1
You fight about money
I really am not sure where to begin, it is like saying goodbye to a family member. As you know my daughter (and the boys) dance. We have been at the same studio since we started 6 years ago, and now that studio is closing. It has been a hard decesion for them and for all of us, but was somewhat expected. The studio was founded by Tom Waters and they are celebrating its 50th anniversary this year, and we are choosing to celebrate that instead of focusing on the closing but it is sad that it is coming to an an end. Tom had a hand in teaching alot of people who now own or teach in most studios around the county. To view a trailer for a little insight into what Tom has meant to dance and the people who know him click the documentary link.
I think beer commercials are pointless. Beer is so good, and people want it soooo bad, that they can pretty much put what ever they want out there to make people want their product more, that can say pretty much whatever they want. Doesn't matter, cause people will keep buying it. No gimmick needed. The gimmicks they do have are so shitty anyways, its like, really? Whats the point!
#6 1983 Dale Laverty EP Andress 300 Met. Hurd. 36.84
It's always weird to move on... even when you're ready, and even though you're kind of not ready. :o) But it's good.
Congratulate yourself on planning a visit to view a Little Italy condo – you won’t regret your decision to consider Little Italy as your new home.
I don't consider myself super preppy but I am addicted to Jack Rogers.
At this point we wish to assign colors to each season. Winter is white. When you look carefully at white, you will notice a sort of “radiance” that emits a
they are aware they could be killed because of something they believe in, yet they do not back down.
It's a challenge for all those series books you started at some point and haven't finished. I know I'll start a series and read the first book, then get distracted with other books and never get back to the series. Before I know it, the series has 10 books - I get overwhelmed and don't go back to it. Now, I want to finish a couple.
The Gospel Trail is a gentler, “sanitized” hiking experience for the tour bus crowd. Sections are accessible by strollers and wheelchairs and less exertion is required.
I had a wretched night's sleep with these stitches in my head and on any other day I'd be off for a sugary frappe and pastry, but instead, I got on the scale and was thrilled to see another pound down.
Thursdays after 6pm - $12 ribs
The sky looked a little dark as we packed everything into the car and got everybody together. Megan’s neighbor friend Abby went to ask her mom if she could come to our house, and in that short time a strong wind began to blow. She reached our car right as the first big drops hit the car.
Well yes, as a matter of fact, there was a day 2 to BlogHer, and I will give you a rundown with links one of these days, but so much has been happing since then that obviously I have been rather busy. For instance, we had Sweet Pea's 5th birthday party the weekend following BlogHer, we went on a mad house hunt, put in an offer which was neither accepted nor even countered, missed out on another of my favorites, and nearly offered on a really lovely custom home in an ubelievably gorgeous neighborhood, then stopped everything due to Slipshod's research and consequent belief that the housing market is bound to drop lots more over the next year or two.
Image: NXNW
I was devastated, my little rubber giraffe was gone forever.
The very reason, Srila Prabhupada, you have mercifully set up the ISKCON institution with your transcendentally brilliant foresight, is to make this guidance available at all levels from different Vaisnavas who are servants of Your Divine Grace. This system of guidance or sadhu sangha worked during your physical presence. Most of the guidance for a devotee automatically comes from your books and the system you set up, with Vaisnavas delivering sadhu sangha. Even at a practical level, none of these self-made gurus are really guiding the disciples on a day to day basis. Not even as much as others in the ISKCON institution like temple leaders, temple commanders etc are doing.
as much as you can
I’m not an attachment parenting Mom. I like to think of myself as having grown rather attached to the boys in the five-plus years I’ve been a parent, but it seems that’s not what “attachment parenting” means. I didn’t co-sleep with my kids (they both actually seem to rather like sleeping in their own beds — they enjoy flailing room), I didn’t practice elimination communication, and while I did “wear” P. quite frequently, L. rejected all possible babywearing apparati with surprising hostility. And I didn’t breastfeed.
In the program’s final piece, Johan Inger’s “Falter,” a jungle of hanging ropes compressed the stage’s vertical space, trapping dancers in a live horror story. Dancers used free floating strobe lights to highlight different parts of the stage, to give their own movements inhuman ticks and to scan one another’s bodies. Throughout the first section, unlit dancers slinked across the bottom of the stage like spiders while soloists demonstrated technical virtuosity with complicated jumps and turns.
6) Unexpected-extra-list-item-no-jutsu! Guys, do you have any suggestions for topics you'd like me to blog on in the future? Are there things you'd like to ask about? A particular kind of post that you really enjoy? Let me know! I can't promise that I'll be able to create a scintillating response to everything you ask for, but I'd love your input, and I'll do my best.
This year we thought we would try to step it up a little bit.
4. Journey planner with user-friendly functionalities.
For Rm1.50 (USD 0.50) per packet, it is really worth the price.
She is currently represented by Dawn Dowdle of Blue Ridge Literary Agency. Wanita is a writer of Young Adult, Fantasy Fiction and where ever else her little muses take her.
The movie was restricted to 18 and over.
Now on to crafting, this past weekend there where a few blog hops that I was able to participate in. I love hopping from blog to blog, so much talent. Well here's my project. Thanks as always to stopping by :-)
‘are you a Nigerian’
We’re supposed to believe that the father would wait three weeks to look over those records, and the lawyer wouldn’t have said anything about them?
Something peculiar happens to us in that short period when we transition from babies to small children.
His men lifted their voices, the music filled the air, and their celebrations began anew. He watched with a smile on his lips and then retired to his wagon for a bit of rest after the night’s activities. He tossed the cup into a corner and flopped onto the bed of straw.
One fantasy book I thoroughly enjoyed and can enthusiastically recommend is Here, There Be Dragons by James A. Owen, a book I happened upon while perusing the library shelves. It weaves classic sci-fi and fantasy references into a well-written and engaging fantastical tale of adventure, with a clever revelation. It is the first book in The Chronicles of the Imaginarium Geographica series.
From April, we will have two primary school teams on the road running sessions for parents every day; this booklet is designed to encourage and support parents in their role as “primary educators” of their children on fundamental matters of faith and relationships.
Stay tuned tomorrow @ 12pm (GMT+8) find out where you’ll be
It's easy to get discouraged when dealing with government regulations. Trying to focus on the good we'll be able to do will keep me on target.
“Tell my son I love him very much,” the 47-year-old Hernandez said before being put to death. “God bless everybody. Continue to walk with God.”
1.) Thank your Liebster Blog Award presenter on your blog.
Erudite is still trying to take over all factions, but they need Divergent to study them and see what it is that makes them tick so they can create a simulation they cannot wake up from. Jeannine is on a mission and she's ready to torture and kill anyone for that opportunity.
I have to believe that it will make way for a new wonderful enlightening and magical experience.
Dear Brian,
In a mixing bowl take flour, turmeric powder, salt and a tsp of oil and blend well. Add water slowly and mix well to knead into a soft dough. The consistency of theis dough should be softer than you knead for regular paratha/chapathi. If you push with your finger it has to go in very smoothly. Add another tsp of oil and cover with a lid and keep aside for
Ours is a perfect Father! He knows the way that we ought to go. Ours is simply to hold His hand and follow. No matter whether sunshine or shadow we turn our faces to Him in faith. I read a quote today:
To see what other industrious quilters are up to today check out DWM over at Patchwork Times. I am off this morning to pick up the teacher quilt I have posted about from the long arm quilter... I am anxious to see how the quilting has come out. Have a great Monday.
For each tree planted:
We trip
You can adjust this so the box scrolls upwards or down, and also adjust the speed and the width of the pictures. This is great for grab buttons, blog awards, favourite sites - and the buttons are clickable too!
And the ratings are falling for these entertainment shows.
and savors a crush of agave at its roots.
I am exhausted but proud.
Section 3 of the Preamble to the Massachusetts State Bar’s Rules of Professional Conduct states the following: “A lawyer should demonstrate respect for the legal system and for those who serve it, including judges, other lawyers, and public officials. While it is a lawyer’s duty, when necessary, to challenge the rectitude of official action, it is also a lawyer’s duty to uphold legal process.”
Did I pause to notice?
Boy 1 and Boy 2 walk away shaking their heads at me.
The murmur of a thousand years;
Have you ever wanted to build your own house? What would it look like? My mother always used to say there was an ideal house for every stage in your life. On your own, newly married, with little kids, with teenagers, with an empty nest, retired, needing care. But who wants to start over that many times? Your needs are met and then they change. So yes, I’ve wanted to build a house. I love the look of an A-frame chalet with towering windows, a huge stone fireplace, cathedral ceiling and an open loft.
“But it won’t affect a property’s resale value. It’s not permanent and can be easily replaced. Besides, the first thing most homebuyers do is give it a new coat of paint anyway.
we are all so proud of you.
And because of this, one will inevitably run into people (the high-and-mighty traveler; I’ll write about them later) who shun these places because they are so “touristy” and not “off the beaten path”. But the truth is, the reason why those places are so frequented is because they are the most interesting/fun/historical places to go. In my opinion, anyone who tells you otherwise is either full of shit or has their nose so high up in the air that all they see is the sky. Yes, it’s fun to get away from the touristy areas for a while, but overall for me, I like talking to people who speak English, I like partying with other travelers, and I like hanging out with people who have something in common with me.
Another thing I loved that she said is, "I'm really concerned about the little things. We haven't been asked to cross the plains, but I have asked you not to chew gum and yet some of you are still doing it. We've asked you to wear skirts that cover your knees when you are sitting and yet some of you still have skirts that are too short. I'm worried that if we can't do the little things we don't have a chance when we're asked to do the big things." I thought that was really profound.
“VROOMM!!!“
"You also say that you have an eye for a pretty lady."
7He that overcometh shall inherit all things; and I will be his God, and he shall be my son.
-achieving professional edges and finish
Thank you so much Kim for talking to us today! I can't wait to see the new home accessories line and your new shows on HGTV airing this Fall.
Endive Green Curled 4.26.12
2 ounces white baking chocolate, chopped
10 Fleet Foxes – Sun It Rises
Here's a sample, laisse 150. First the original, then in modern French, then in Sayers' English (she attempts to emulate the syllabication and assonance of the original):
A day later a “defensive measure against Communist acts of violence endangering the state” was passed:
The Europeans markets were nearly all higher for a gain of 1.0%. Not one of the seven indices we track are in confirmed uptrends.
Hi everyone! My name is Katie and I’m another Intern here at DANE Deals working during my second week. So far, I’ve attended one event, the Wellness Expo, which was a great opportunity to talk to people first hand about DANE deals and give away some prizes.
Surely not, no... My whole life has been wedded to the physicality of books and their shelves, the way they sat beside my bed on the little white bookcase my parents bought me, or on the planks and bricks I set up in my first-ever flat; the way, on my many moves, I'd pack them carefully into tea-chests before anything else... What would I be without them?
Making mockery of what was and could never be
I did not enjoy this book quite as much as I enjoyed many other Joanna Trollope novels I have read. Perhaps it was because it was partly set in Charleston in South Carolina, and all the other novels have typically English settings with restrained English characters. I thought the author handled the American characters very well and created the atmosphere of the South very well, but, perhaps because I am set in my ways and thought I knew what to expect from Joanna Trollope, I would have preferred another Aga-Saga!
For the Board, the question was "whether we can consider the meaning a surname has in a foreign language in our surname analysis." Observing that the TTAB applies the doctrine of foreign equivalents in Section 2(e)(1) mere descriptiveness cases and in Section 2(d) likelihood of confusion cases, the Board held that "whether a term is primarily merely a surname must take into consideration the meaning the term has in a foreign language."
Ellen has kindly transcribed the latest Hour with an Angelprogram in which Archangel Michael discusses the angelic realm. Graham had Geoff host the program to train Geoff on the Blogtalkradio system partly because Geoff will be starting his own galactic news program, probably beginning April 6, 2012. I’m going to post this now just to get it up and will edit it for readability later today.
I might not have a good day today, but I wish you a great day! Till the next post amigos.
for once to lie down under the small fire
Yeah!! :)
Thursday, May 17
Do not get overly enthusiastic with the attractive look involving cars as you can pass up to think about its features for important. Investing in appropriate product will make you happier as well as pleased. Explore the various styles purchasing.
“How much time does it take to catch
BEST PAPERBACK ORIGINAL
The Lively Morgue, as it is called, is going to feature historic photographs from the Times' sizable collection. Did I say sizable? I mean gi-normous. Here's their own description of the collection's parameters:
I am wanting him to homeschool but he is not as keen so I am trying my best to support him as I am worried he is starting to feel conflicted. I think he has realised you don't need school to learn but enjoys even if it is boring, repetitive and easy for him. Or as he told me today "Its in the realm of ordinary." He is an autodidact and has the ability to discover things and learn on his own. Most of what he tells me goes over my head, being science and maths based.
Unfortunately, what Maria Talks, Planned Parenthood and others are telling our daughters is that making a life-changing decision like abortion and getting a secret judicial bypass (not to mention the abortion itself) is easier than having to tell their parents about it.
Some breeds of dogs aren’t right with families with small children. Some cats don’t have the personality to live with family members that want to cuddle or handle them frequently. Maybe someone in the family has allergies that are aggravated by a particular type of fur. These are all considerations which should be researched before purchase, and your veterinarian can help you reach the answers.
I was getting tired and thinking that I really should make my way back to recognizable sights. I sat down on a rock that was right next to a tree. The rock was just the right height and the tree was perfect for leaning against. I don’t know if I fell asleep or was just in that in between stage between awake and sleeping. But I came to with such an awareness that I had to rush back to my car where I could write down what I had seen, dreamed, experienced, all the time dreading that I would forget it before I got out of the woods.
Perales: This book I edited with my colleague and good friend Raul Ramos, who also teaches at the University of Houston. It is a collection of essays initially presented at the Texas State Historical Association Annual Conference in Corpus Christi in 2008 (The TSHA will be meeting in El Paso in Spring 2011). There are pieces by established and up and coming scholars.
Chanel Roses Ultimes de Chanel Collection is now available both online and at Nordstrom counters. I wasn't expecting these to be released until later this month so this was definitely a good surprise. All of the images were taken with the phone's camera but I did try to get the colors as accurately as possible. I also had to remove all of my current nail polish to try out the 4 new shades at the counter. Thus, my advance apologies for the less than stellar cuticles and paint job.
--overdevelopment in Downtown Brooklyn
9 So Hazael went to meet him, and took a present with him, even of every good thing of Damascus, forty camels’ burden, and came and stood before him, and said, Thy son Ben–hadad king of Syria hath sent me to thee, saying, Shall I recover of this disease?
After I saw the film, I noticed an online discussion about one specific issue. The character of Loki uses an antiquated expletive in the scene with Black Widow where he refers to her as a “Mewling Quim”. I really don’t know what to think of this. It has been argued by the critic Mark Kermode (who surprisingly rates the film quite well). I didn’t notice this or know about this word when I saw the film, however it seems of note that a small number of (adult) viewers discovered this slight. This term requires a bit of context and apparently has regional significance. I was listening to a podcast last week on Radio 4 by Will Self who talked about the philistine trend of critiquing books for using words that are considered verbose or that many readers are not familiar with. The use of unusual or difficult language should be applauded, although there is some real power to the insult that Loki says which distinctly symbolically feminises Black Widow as a way of undermining her.
"What's the point?" I said. "Independents will determine the winner, so you and I are in the position of trying to pick whom we think the independents will vote for over Obama."
MH: Besides the release of Giant Thief what are you most looking forward to in 2012?
“In fact, the results of a national study released in 1996 show that more than half of all African-American and Hispanic women in the United States are already above what is considered a healthy body weight. …
“The lack of service between these times was due to a disparity between timetables. The night bus drivers were still operating according to their original hours, while the day buses had adjusted to the new time.
Bevin weighs 186.5 lbs. (down 2.5 lbs since last week!)
Time: 7:30pm
Liu’s campaign has spent more than $100,000 on lawyers and legal fees so far this year — more than he raised in campaign contributions.
5.) Your favourite weather?
Thannks for stopping by - I really do appreciate all your sweet comments!
“We are delighted to add Etihad Airways to our portfolio of ACMI customers,” said William J. Flynn, President and Chief Executive Officer, Atlas Air Worldwide. “Atlas Air has the largest and most modern fleet in our industry, with a mix of cargo and passenger aircraft, serving customers who are leaders in their markets.
DECEMBER 1981 – SEPTEMBER 1983
TIP: Add pomegranate juice or blueberries or even strawberries to flavor your margaritas naturally!
33.What is your greatest regret?
Both, actually. Mostly I simply start writing from a title, a character or just a vague idea and see where it leads me. Sometimes the beginning and the end are already set in my head when I start. It's rare that I have a whole story before I begin, but it does happen.
I was a little taken aback -- thinking, well, I haven't viewed every show on every channel and taken notes or whatever -- but -- well, yeah...
2. It’s barrel is a fixed barrel and it’s very thick, it will last
The theft was not a traditional art heist but for the purpose of the sculpture's resale value as scrap metal. Indeed, the general media consensus is that it has most likely already been melted down.
If AIB goes bust the first losers will be its shareholders, whose shares will become even more worthless. That includes the Irish Capitalist State. It also includes many Financial Institutions, including other banks around the globe. They will find that not only their shares in AIB are worthless, but any loans they have made to it, and Bonds bought in it will also become worthless. These are first round consequences. The other people immediately affected would be AIB's workers. Since 2007, States, and Ireland was the first to introduce it, have given protection for savers deposits in Banks up to varying limits – Ireland introduced full protection. Any saver with more money than that, given the experience of the last two years, is likely to have been savvy enough to have divided their savings up across various banks to make sure it was all covered. So, part of the argument I raised back in 2007 no longer applies.
It was good to walk around the old neighbourhood and note the changes, recall my world when I lived here, and see how some things seem to be the same. It’s good to think – have I grown since my days of living here, and what will my life be like in the future?
To quote from the report:
This is the most expensive out of the throw pillows I picked for this room, but still not astronomical! $13 is a very fair price for this sort of thing, the total to buy an insert an this would still be under $20 a pillow which is average to less than the going rate on them. The color and pattern on this just added a little oomph to the room that I really liked and the faux silk adds a little more shine which I am a fan of. Overall a good buy I think!!
Sian Bevan is much more engaging; her brief story about a woman trying to break into a male dominated story-telling academy is nicely told. Bevan is renowned as a stand up., and this is entertaining enough to suggest she’s worth catching.
Thursday, August 18 2011
3) Death Bed Scene.
The passion and partnership of founders, Michelle & Patrick, spaces that showcase high/lo that are infused with encouragement for diving into design, on-the-pulse accents that are meaningful, understanding of design and color palettes that are exciting, fresh and cool. Aside from the site - full of Lonny's best pics - the blog is full of goodies as well.
Dark Amber-brown in color. Well carbonated that falls quick in glass.
I guess I wasn’t prepared for her to be so accepting of this change. Every little bit of independence she loses, she fights. So, I was surprised at this. And I felt pain. I wondered at why I found myself crying, as I headed to the store. I realized that this was exactly how emotional I was when I weened my children. After breast-feeding, I knew it was time to switch them to supplement bottles. And when they so quickly responded to a bottle, I was totally unprepared at their willingness to replace me with plastic.I had secretly hoped that they wouldn’t want that ‘false sense of security.’ I was so attached, that this seemed too easy for them to just, ‘let go.’ I realized that the failure of my mother to fight me, represented the same. It wasn’t her letting go that was so hard, but me.
Navy and white cs
It’s always a shock when someone new comes to visit our apartment. On a good day, when my roommates and I actually clean, it looks rather nice and like any other college apartment. However, that all seems to change when they reach my desk and my side of the bedroom. Anyone who has ever met me immediately knows that I live on that side of the room.
So we turned half of the zucchini into a dinner for four. My visiting friends got busy grating zucchini and onion which they mixed with pancake mix to turn into truly amazing zucchini pancakes. Meanwhile, my boyfriend sauteed zucchini and threw in a touch of Ginger People's Ginger Jalapeño Spicy Dip. With just enough flavor and kick to make it better than the average hot sauce, we've been putting it on everything and still have half a bottle left!
My ToDo List
on October 30, 2009.
After the service we got cake, which was excellent. Gave us something to eat whilst waiting for the photographer to finish with the bride and groom. And it was chocolate cake, which was even better. I'm not a fan of fruit cake, I much prefer chocolate. Not so heavy and tastes great. I don't think I've ever tasted a chocolate cake that didn't taste good.
2. Eat with a small fork/ spoon:
Freezin cold no time to weep
Why, Bravo? Were you that desperate for some filler material? Because I have to tell you, this was the most irrelevant 3 minutes of air time in the history of television.
Oh, Wordsworth, definitely, courtesy of Professor Betz and his Sophomore Honors English course. Professor Betz was my advisor in college. He’s a renowned Wordsworth scholar who spends summers hanging out in the same places Wordsworth did. I find that when someone is that passionate about a subject, he cannot help but transfer some of that passion to his students. I’m also fond of William Blake and all the Romantic Poets. I love Poe. I can appreciate modern poetry, but I will always prefer the kind that rhymes.
While these tenets, over a century old may not be entirely applicable to a hotel in 2011, there must be some sort association, even a vague one, to the great name of Cesar Ritz which is known for luxury and taste. I could not see any sort of fleeting acknowledgement to the history, nor the very definite style of Cesar Ritz, and I wondered if the designers and architects have any understanding or awareness of the Ritz heritage. This hotel is clean, new, and understatedly luxurious. It is also entirely forgettable, and lacks any associations or links with the grand style of a classic Ritz Hotel. In a very large city, with many fine hotels, this is not the hotel I would select for accommodations, a special meal, a reception, a drink, or afternoon tea. In Toronto, the closest one would come to classic Ritz style would be the Beaux Arts King Edward Hotel on King Street, managed by Meridien Hotels.
Birdseed (That huge bag is only $3.00 at Walmart)
We wanted to take this moment, in the midst of what has been an extremely difficult few days, to thank all of our blog visitors for their overwhelming support. We have been quite literally inundated with comments from people from across the UK – and further afield – who have been glued to our falcon cam and blog since the weekend’s terrible storms.
“On this list is the order your days of birth. The order of which, you will enter the Forest. I will call the names out, but first enjoy your coming of age feast!”
Having so many irons in the fire prohibits Peri from having a blog to visit, so please feel free to use the comment section here for any questions or accolades that you wish to express. I'll certainly keep you posted on this ongoing project and once again, I say thanks to Peri for choosing me as her subject for this lovely fiber art portrait.
But I have found a photograph and it comes from one of the splendidly annotated albums of my Uncle Frank. It is precisely dated "Liverpool 1940" and the page is entitled "They Remind Us". There are two photographs of planes high in the sky. Under one it says "one of ours" and under the other "one of theirs". The large photograph shows "one of theirs" - I am featuring theirs not from any unpatriotic motive, it is just a better and sharper image - whilst the enlargement to the left shows "one of ours". No doubt, there will be people who can tell me precisely what types of planes these are - back in Liverpool in 1940, Uncle Frank could obviously spot the difference between the outlines of the RAF and the Luftwaffe (I suppose back in those days it was a necessary and important skill).
My nieces were too shy to enter the spelling bee, but Isabel and Gabe clambered onto that platform and gave it their best shot. Gabe got out on the first word (he was off by one letter, poor guy), but Isabel hung in til the end.
Other favorite designs that received honorable mentions include an image of Siri as a pants-less sexysuperhero and Siri as a fritzed-out blockheaded robot wrestling with information overload.
I had to dash off just as Candy Gourlay was asking a question because I had an hour long session coming up with a publisher, which was very profitable - watch this space.
Groundbreaking and Site Dedication: 22 January 1994 by John K. Carmack
Wheeee!!!!
Each of us who are building a ministry need some wiggle room. Recently, at Special Gathering, we’ve been working with a new staff person. She is wonderful and one of the most teachable people I’ve ever met. There are so many things that a person who desires to excel in ministry must learn.
How far can a band come nowadays with that dusty and raw old school sound?
Individually and collectively, human development is being arrested at the adolescent stage.
Book choice three: Selected Poems of Anne Sexton (edited with intro from Diane Wood Middlebrook and Diana Hume George)
207) a carved stone heart...a gift from my other sister, reminding me of precious memories spent on the farm with her and her beautiful family
The events of the Weimar endphase find a fainter, but nevertheless distinct echo in the United States in recent years. It is remarkable that one of the first public statements to be made by an administration official in the wake of passage of the MCA was a "warning" issued by Attorney General Alberto Gonzales to sitting federal judges. "A proper sense of judicial humility requires judges to keep in mind the institutional limitations of the judiciary and the duties expressly assigned by the Constitution to the more politically accountable branches," Gonzales stated to a gathering of judges. The inescapable message being sent was to warn judges from taking any step to interfere with Bush's policies addressing detainees in the war on terror, policies largely crafted under the supervision of Gonzales. But the provocative nature of Gonzales' remarks becomes apparent when we consider that these are the very policies which the Supreme Court determined to be unlawful in its opinion in Hamdan.
You know what, I’m not even going to try to go through point for point and break down the problems with this guy. Not even the retard leet-speak. Reading it once had made my head hurt enough as it is. So I’m just going to make an executive decision and say, oops, sorry, turns out our raids all START at 11:00, so I guess that rules us out. Good luck in your search…um…Guy Whose Asshat Name I’m Not Even Going to Try to Transliterate.
The process of closer European integration is geared to generating a global system of government in which nations and their cultures are cast aside. The European Union actively demands the dismantling of our national borders, that we allow the free movement of foreign workers into Britain and the removal of our laws that seek to protect our national culture. Actions and policies of this nature were once labeled as communism, or even further back, Nazism. It is our aim to restore power back to the British Parliament so that the British people can once again live in a free country, where democracy and the rule of law ensure we remain a free people in perpetuity.
Conditions can make you smile
I went to a Native American Pow-wow one summer evening and saw the most incredible, delicate beaded jewelry ever. These tiny tiny glass beads were woven, some on looms, some without, into gorgeous colorful patterns that adorned everything from bracelets to coverings for drums and rattles.
Now that I have got you mentally trawling your own relations for genius and money (best of luck), I can share with you the discovery of a young, beautiful and talented film-maker emerging from the Hat's genealogical debris. She produces opinionated rule-breaking film, often music based, stuffed with the fresh take of youth and it was while watching one of these the other day, I was reminded of the huge influence of original moving images backed with powerful music and their ability to stimulate, sharpen and often change our view.
The overall theme of the conference is The Challenge for Graduates in a Changed World. Within this, specific topics will include:
"These are real barriers that we have to get over in society if we're really going to accept that we should be treating pain and putting more money into it."
# Kiss a guy who you otherwise simply despise.
The Tunisia (!) Conference ended with the usual “declarations”, “intentions” and “conclusions”, but without any real action taking place — yet. The ICANN is still independent and located in California. But for how long ?
8 much
* Which leads me onto my next question… Which authors/stories did you enjoy reading as a child/teenager? And do you think they’ve helped influence the writer you are today? How do you think they compare to the children’s novels available today?
Anyway, a few more pints later
Wye hops have recently developed two new varieties: Endeavor which has a Cascade like flavour and Aramis which is grown in France. Some older varieties which were previously rejected are also being looked at again to see if they are suitable for modern tastes.
I WILL confess, one of my “pet peeves” is people talking loudly on cell phones in public places. It drives me wild. And what makes it even worse is that most of those conversations are pure blather.
Yes, the Rugrat considers himself a serious analyst. And perhaps because no one has come up with a model to disprove him, regardless of the self-evident non-austerity fail, he considers his hypothesis to be true. And Reich is cut from the same dwarfish cloth.
115 South Saint Asaph Street
Stop The Presses! The segment opened with George Stephanopoulos in a suburban yard in his white shirt and tie, looking for some reason like a stuffed jackass penguin (that’s a real species) who somehow wandered off a museum’s diorama. George assured us that lawnmowers — especially riding lawnmowers that can mow in reverse — are very dangerous to children. Shift to female Twinkie, earnest blonde version, who breathlessly revealed that every year 37,000 children (much softer “and adults”) go to the emergency room with lawn-mowing related injuries.
3. Angry people are hard to help. On the defensive, I can’t probe and help you solve problems. I truly want to help. I want to work with you to find your dream car. Help me to help you…
Post 94 of 180
After hurrying through the final lingering notes of the music, in order to catch the day’s last plane back to Tokyo, we rushed back to the airport at night! Once on the bus, they opened the box containing the cake that they hadn’t had time to enjoy in the restaurant. Ono-san presented his gift to Kamiya, and then our time was up! And thus, our brief journey to Okinawa (which actually lasted less than ten hours) came to a close…
I'm broke so I can't even buy herion. So I may as well stay clean. If I do relapse it will be to die.
On the other side we support you by allowing you to submit for auditions directly to posts by the casting directors if you fit the description they are seeking. This includes all auditions for feature films, movies, television roles and much more!
The Gollum thing: knowing you have a stash of pretty little treasures to covet is irresistible.
In his post Seymour writes: «Accept that you will make mistakes as everyone does. If mistakes are so inevitable would it not be better to incorporate them into your creative process and use them as opportunities to be exploited rather than set-backs or even fatal flaws in the project». I think Seymour hits the point right on. Instead of getting irritated by or discard mistakes, we as creative persons, should re-examine what went wrong, and make the best out of it, either by seeing the mistake as an opportunity to learn or actually as something valuable to incorporate in our creative process – a new opening.
Many paths lead to the bottom of the hill – an infinite number, speaking mathematically, but for our purposes, we’ll say it’s 3 or 4 – and at the bottom of each path lies one of the many traditions, values, and institutions that we have left behind in the name of progress. Among these are the traditional religion and spirituality of our parents and grandparents, the rural and agrarian structure of society, and the tight-knit community, home, and family of our ancestors.
However, it was also frightening. Is this what the country is coming to? Apparently, it is unless we keep speaking and fighting for what we believe. We cannot be cowed into silence and we are obliged to tell the truth even if it means we are berated, hunted and sought out. I thank the Times for the forum, regardless of the consequence.
Very good beer, and I'll look for more in the future. I think it was only about four or five bucks, making it a steal.
Here’s Dan’s theme song.
A very special blogger posted today about God's faithfulness, it was His words through her, I was so encouraged...and I could see His face!
Tomorrow is Not Promised”
Many a times I call her for some ailment which bothers me like my Cervical Spondylosis or sluggish GI anything that I am not able to tackle on my own or with medicine and she immediately sends Healing and removes the energy blocks giving me instant relief.
I really need to set our computers up closer together.
The punch in the word, “Body,” which Rome used to control, Paul reverses with an irenic spirit. It is a question that modern congregations and church systems should consider as they discern the best way to increase the community spirit among them. What principles of the Body will become operational? The position of Paul in his use of this metaphor clearly moves away from one which kept people “in their place” to one in which the community functions organically, relationally, and informed by “less powerful” members.
I hit the ‘Snooze’ button on my alarm clock and buried my face in my pillow. It was my first day at Toasterville High, and I was absolutely dreading it. What if I didn’t make any friends? What if I was too far behind in my classes and they wouldn’t let me graduate at the end of the year? More than anything, I wished that I was still back in Monkeywrench Heights, at my old school with my old friends.
I had a great weekend, spending lots of time outside with my family. My husband is home for a week, and my hope is to enjoy it as much as possible! We had a fantastic dinner tonight with all kinds of goodies which I picked up at our town's new Farmers' Market. We had fresh caught swordfish on the grill, locally grown corn on the cob, and a deliciouis salad made with all locally grown produce. We topped the meal off with a lot of fresh blueberries and homemade marshmallows! Yummy! I am so happy to have a wonderful Farmers' Market within a few minutes of my house. To also make for a relaxing Sunday - I was able to get my Gallery Idol card for Round 2 completed yesterday, so that took a lot off my mind! You will be able to see my creative die cuts card tomorrow at 2 pm EDT when voting begins - wish me luck :). Thanks for stopping by today!
But still, you persevere. I walked down your streets last year, with my wife and kids. And you welcomed them, too. We saw some of the blemishes, though. Those 'Night Flowers', sung to by our very own Silvio Rodríguez, still populate your famous roads, Fifth Avenue, 23rd Street, Malecón.
The next challenge will be on our Facebook page at 8:00 (cst) with Barb Craft.
OBAMA: Thank God. What a blowhard! I wonder who’s going to bore me next?
"God sees not as man sees, for man looks at the outward appearance, but the LORD looks at the heart." 1 Samuel 16:7Miraculously, when our insides are submitted to Him, He often transforms our outsides.
green multi-faceted bead
3. Picking up all four feet
Me: (???? duh!!) Yessir. So I had a cock gun and I just went to town. It was fun. I'm getting pretty good w/cock Dad. Need anything cocked at home? Cause I'll do it!
I love to hear stories of these journeys too.
We got quite a bit done, and are excited to see our chicks in the coop!
TRUMBO (2007)
Mastery was far less important, because at this point in raiding, hardly ever did anyone in our raids drop low enough for me to gain useful benefit from our Resto Shaman Mastery – Deep Healing.
Betsie.
These diets also restrict or eliminate intake of fat, meat, dairy products, sugar, hydrogenated oils, processed foods, and foods with additives and artificial ingredients. Caffeine and alcohol are generally prohibited, and overeating is strongly discouraged.
Add the porridge and the rest of the dry ingredients and mix
7. Write a letter to a poet.
I love the bathroom in my hotel.
No Matter What QC: Created by Lisa Carter
Americans consume a quarter of the world’s oil—and 10 percent of the oil we consume comes from Nigeria. Why are we not worried and angry about this? Or at least demanding global accountability from companies we support? Especially now that we can see how destructive it is for those who depend on the sea for their livelihood, how foul the impact is, and how devastating the results of poor decisions and ill-equipped response teams are.
In the past, unregulated capitalism has led to horrendous treatment of employees, massive pollution and in this day and age, a recession that is teetering on the brink of a full-scale economic collapse. The evils of unregulated capitalism is a great look at the issues surrounding this topic. If unregulated capitalism works, then PLEASE, please, please show me one example of a developed country in which this has been a success for more than a few decades. Just one example. You can't. Because humans tend to be greedy and power-hungry people don't make great decisions for the entire society. The past 30 years have proven this.
with King Alexander, no less.
I want to ask David Cameron...
I adore books of natural beauty, simple pictures and stories, pleasing colors,
The Oklahoma Teachers Retirement System, which has posted returns of 5.5 percent over the last five years through a mix of stocks and bonds, is putting 10 percent of its fund into private equity and real estate funds.
I used to pretend that I wasn't afraid of spiders. It made me feel cool - like I was braver than most people. If someone called me on my bluff and asked me to dispose of a spider, I would put on my battle-face and do my best to get rid of it without letting the panic bubble to the surface.
In addition to the the installation of a new Soundcraft modular broadcast mixing console and two Tascam CD players, all existing studio equipment was removed, cleaned, serviced and reinstalled within a four-day period. Furthermore, customized wiring looms and system interconnects were fabricated and installed. After a smooth switchover from their back up studio, the new system has been met with enthusiasm from the many presenters who have struggled along with the old equipment for so long.
Step One: Print out the cross pattern; I gently color the pieces to remind myself which fabrics are to be used. Cut section A from section B (as seen below). You will then paper piece quilt this portion of the pillow. I have a tutorial here if foundation quilting is new territory for you. If you have any questions at all, please email me at allthingsbelle@hotmail.com
Victoria Espinel is Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator at Office of Management and Budget
We made enough on the sale of the house to cover everything, and had some spare change. We kept it simple, sold but fricken nearly everything. Had about 20 kilos of personal stuff and mementos, photo albums, CD’s etc in a box that we shipped to UK about two weeks before the plane flight. The rest came with us in our bags, packed to the max.
Summation: Short walk, again not visible at street level from courthouse (hidden between two skyscrapers!). Exit the courthouse on the 4th floor (Grand Ave), walk towards Disney Concert Hall, and keep going on grand until you pass the Wells Fargo Center on the same side of the street. The entrance to "The Court" will be just past the first Wells Fargo Center building, to your right at the far end of the plaza. Relatively broad range of marketplace and sit-down options and nice atrium setting. Check out Taipan for table-service, decent Chinese food without trekking to Chinatown.
One aim of BookTown Australia is to give World Book Day a context to be celebrated in Australia and link it to the international community of booktowns. Using World Book Day as the commencement of the One Town – One Book community reading programs is seen as viable means of doing so, especially as the reading program can then culminate in August to coincide with Children’s Book Week. On World Book Day (April 23) in Australia in years to come, any community – village, town suburb or city – can be a “booktown” on that day, simply by declaring its participation in the reading program with the announcement of their chosen book.
Less traffic cops, more POLICE.
Ahhhhhh....let me start by saying I adored this wedding.
Stevie shouts over.
listen to our daughter practicing, going over and over
The most popular was the “porcupine” masher. Truman’s had these as well as Steel’s mashers. Bass, Charrington, Hoare and Tennent all used them.
I have duly complied with their request, but my brain hurts from puzzling over what exactly they intend to compare with what.
As a stage performer, I had no problem getting up on stage in front of hundreds, sometimes thousands of people. I sang. I danced. I cried. I laughed. Did I get nervous before a show? Sometimes. (Singing the National Anthem standing 10 feet away from President Bill Clinton scared me silly!) But the nerves never lasted for very long and the show always went on—mostly without a hitch.
Here is a screen shot of my action at work. Very helpful.
I feel as though the breath has been knocked out of me and I am gasping, just waiting for it to return.
- beer- chick peas
Hello, lovely readers of Sparrow & Urchin! Meg from Don Juan's Reckless Daughter here and lucky me(!!) to have been given my very own guest post while Lauren and Tripp make there trek across the country. I am so excited for them...though, admittedly, I'm longing for that kind of an adventure myself. For now, the hills and canyons of Los Angeles are my playground. I have lived in LA for about 5 years and Laurel Canyon (my neighborhood) is one of my absolute favorite places in this city. It is a particularly good place to explore with your doggies because there are loads of trails, winding roads and vantage points (plus a very large dog park up on Mulholland).
We also took in a day at Sea World! Jessie flew out of Orlando back home. JB, me, and the kiddos continued on to South Florida for the rest of our vacation.
What about ticket prices?
What's on your Things That I Really, Really Want That Are Too Expensive List?
When back measures 21 inches from hem line (20 inches from 1st row of 1st pattern) bind off 5 stitches each side and decrease 1 stitch each side every 2nd row 3 times.
“My grandfather never refers to the tiger’s wife by name. His arm is around me and my feet are on the handrail, and my grandfather might say, ‘I once knew a girl who loved tigers so much she almost became one herself.’ Because I am little, and my love of tigers comes directly from him, I believe he is talking about me, offering me a fairy tale in which I can imagine myself—and will, for years and years.”
Following on from the book I shared last book is another linen book by Yoriko Sakurama. So many more wonderfully styled and photographed images of knit and crochet inspiration! I have yet to make anything from this book but I think first off my list would be that lovely knitted snood, it looks so cozy. I think I would probably choose a wool instead of a linen if I was to make it but stick to a neutral colour.
Do I share this story on WordPress and run away 3 of my 12 readers because I haven’t been true to what content I have been keeping or do I start another blog with “heavier content?”
1) The Pick Up
There is a Hymn in our Hymn Book called "More Holiness Give Me"
2014's novel will be (working title): "The Lambda Functionary", a near future thriller."
I'll deal.
Oh an I thought that the fat cunt was supposed to be on a diet, chomping down on banana's and such like? Still looks like the same fat, lying about going jogging fat bastard he always was; the cunt.
Manibukers supported by almost all poker rooms, only exception is Romania with a software Kriptolodzhik and Boss Media.
Who went up on the chopping block?
will involve. Do you think the book ended in the appropriate place? I'm not sure. In all honesty, who am I to decide? I am glad that it wasn't some dastardly cliff hanger. I'm glad that I kind of know where all my characters left off. Then again, sometimes I like a little more of an open ending when reading middle books or YA. In this instance, I do think it worked the way it was. I like that I know we get to go international. Although, I kinda already knew because Cambria told me. LOL!
Split w/The Spirit Animals 7" Crafty Records
Lukas Podolski: "I'm moving to Arsenal to win trophies". And they say the Germans haven't got a sense of humour.—
Peggy Orenstein offers an interesting take on the Extreme-Homemaking-as-Feminism trend in a piece entitled “The Femivore’s Dilemma” in this week’s New York Times magazine, and while I can get behind the sentiment (I’m a card-carrying Pollanite; I’ve seen Food, Inc.; I buy my organic, grass-fed beef from a friend of mine every Saturday at the farmers market and can rant for hours about the environmental degradation wrought by the food industrial complex, and don’t even get me started on the antibiotics…), there’s just something about the phenomenon that ruffles my feathers.
And then, of course, there is Italy. Yesterday, the Opposition there tried to force Berlusconi’s resignation, and failed. This morning, a new poll shows that only 1 in 5 of the electorate support the Prime Minister. Things must be really serious for Silvio the Swinger, because he’s put his latest album on hold. The idea of an album called Gordon Brown sings the same old Tune just popped into my head, I’ve no idea why. My take on this one is that Berlusconi has held back the release as a ploy to get his poll ratings up. Either way, the country’s bond yields are signalling that the market thinks Italy is speeding on its way towards Gumtree Gulch. (Spain’s costs also spiked yesterday).
Two to each keyboard, she gave each pair a sheet of music and let them work out the base* line, then the chords (clapping in the recording) and when they'd mastered those, the melody. Only a couple of them managed to play the base* line with the melody, it was quite tricky for them. They did enjoy it though and I helped several with the notes and the rhythm. There are some quite exuberant lads in that class, which I always enjoy (don't you find the rascals are much more fun?) and they worked hard and really concentrated and were pleased to play to the rest of the class at the end and be applauded.
Given at the dawn of creation, these words, known as the Protoevangelium (“First Gospel”), foretell how the woman one day will have a seed, a son, who will crush the head of the serpent (Catechism of the Catholic Church, no. 410). Centuries later, at the wedding feast of Cana, this prophecy begins to be fulfilled. By calling Mary “woman” with the creation story in the background, Jesus in the narrative of John’s Gospel is not merely addressing her politely as He does Mary Magdalene or the Samaritan woman. Rather, He is identifying Mary as the woman of Genesis 3:15.
Close on 2 decades after Apartheid ended, failing high school pupils are told that the reason they can’t do Mathematics at school is because Apartheid made it difficult. These kids weren’t even born under the previous regime. Yet Apartheid South Africa produced some of the most brilliant minds in people of colour. Contrary to popular belief, they didn’t manage to study in exile. Most of them obtained world-class qualifications at South African universities. The same qualifications which obtained after 2000 are often laughed at in first world countries, because they are not worth the paper scribbled on. Such is the collapse of not only infrastructure, but also standards.
Two things about this picture: I love those shoes but I could never wear them. Have I mentioned I have abnormally short toes? I do. See, so, those shoes would be bad for me. Isn't the bottom of that skirt/dress pretty? Okay. Moving on.
Ma Deong Seok as Bum No
By following the advice in this guide, users will be able to:
8/7 – Blow off tube still full this morning, bucket is filling up with yeast. Temp is holding at 75˚
When we are at zero, we have to start somewhere, and perhaps the sanest, best, and surest place to start is with the eye of the beholder. We are in a certain place at a certain time and we feel a certain way about it. Let’s start here. That means put the pen to the page and write about the exact moment and place where you find yourself. Take an inventory of what surrounds you and what you feel about that. This is a starting-off place.
As someone who has been in 3 long term relationships, and turned down more than a few guys who wanted me to be their girlfriend, here are my tips for becoming girlfriend material.
Perhaps I can’t understand the appeal of love triangles because I’m forever cheering for the losing side. Invariably, the person who gets left out in the cold is the one I’ve decided is the soulmate of the main character and that makes me both cranky at the author for choosing the wrong one and angry at the protagonist for being short-sighted.
You inspect
A question I pose is as writers should we do these assignments, do they help us?
42. Screwfly Solution
This letter reminded me that, no matter how many times I tell myself this journey is something I always wanted to do, I nevertheless undertook it as a retreat, that I gave up the life I'd built because my hands, my body, and an overwhelming depression one by one closed the doors and windows and threatened to trap me, that everything I'm running from is traveling with me.
The quince bush is confused by the harum-scarum winter we've been having ( or maybe not having would be more truthful) and is putting out tender new buds.
I can see
Léa Seydoux, 26, wore a long-sleeved eggplant Christian Dior Fall 2012 top (sans bra) with a textured calf-length violet purple full skirt with sheer striped panels detailing. The sexy ensemble was accessorized with a thin black belt and eggplant open-toe platform wedges.
He arose a Victor from the dark domain,
In Canada, the Indian Act (passed in 1876) governs who is officially a native and who is not. Whereas most native tribes are matrilineal, until recently, the Canadian government considered only whether the father is native in determining a person’s status.
That is the true Gospel.
The Touchstone Division of Simon & Schuster and Sobol Literary Enterprises, Inc. today announced their agreement to publish all three finalists in the newly created Sobol Award for Fiction, an innovative endeavor to discover talented, unpublished fiction writers and help them achieve the recognition they deserve. The original deadline has been extended to midnight, March 31st, 2007. The awards will be announced in the fall of 2007...
Of course when one gets into the finer points of detail in Revelation, I’m going to have something to say about it. Some of the conclusions that he makes are lacking. For instance, he points out differences between Ezekiel 38-39 and Revelation 20:7-9 to show that these cannot be the same events. Those who have been reading my blog for some time know my position. Ezekiel 38-39 must be divided into two distinct sections. Ezekiel 38:1-7 and all of chapter 39 are pre-millennial while Ezekiel 38:8-23 is post-millennial lining up flawlessly with Revelation 20:7-9 occurring “after many days” which is the millennium, see Ezekiel 38:8. Demonstrating differences in a passage does not always prove them to be completely different, but sometimes complementary. Concerning the physical coming of Christ, he places this after the bowls rather than before (see Revelation 14:14-16) because of the reference in Revelation 16:15 that Christ comes like a thief. This is completely lacking in substance since Revelation 16:15 is not a time indicator, but a warning that Christ will come like a thief. Similar warnings are given at Revelation 22:12, 20 significantly after Christ has physically returned. Finally, he separates the onset of the millennium from the new heavens and new earth placing them after the millennium. He doesn’t articulate his reasons for this view, but simply sets them forth. Readers here understand my view that Isaiah 65-66 and Revelation 21 to be speaking of a new heavens and new earth which occur in conjunction with the millennial kingdom.
I write this because it’s an issue that I believe parents should speak to their children about. Ask questions! I never thought my daughter could have a thought like that, but she did…whether it was an original or planted thought, it was a thought none the less!
italics or underline). We acknowledge receipt and
If I regret anything about my astrological studies it is enough for you to think about your personal interests, your motivations, your level of anticipated development, your willingness to devote the tamil astrology free and place for you to understand the tamil astrology free between the tamil astrology free are no serious research projects related to this discussion of why you want through online by using your credit card. Each type of Indian Vedic cultures and Buddhist traditions mingled at various proportions and created several variants of this subject is not acceptable in a practical astrology.
9) Cool in a wire rack and i did the icing the next day.
This is an very nice store.
A human beta retrovirus (HBRV) related to mouse mammary tumor virus has been cloned and characterized from patients with PBC. This agent can be detected in the majority of patients' perihepatic lymph nodes by immunochemistry and RT-PCR.
Before getting on the road to technical development, there are real advantages to individuals and their organizations if both appreciated the impact effective thinking has on learning. Imagine an individual who is negative, pessimistic, lacks self-esteem, and procrastinates. Compare that person to a positive, self-starting optimist who is full of confidence and believes in himself or herself.
But i did get what's hopefully an even better shiba picture than the one in this post, and one good shiba picture is worth a thousand sunset or food pictures, in my opinion!
They do deliver, but it's £6.50 delivery per box (or you can get up to 6 boxes delivered for the same price, but I have nowhere to store 6 boxes...or even 3 boxes because my house is so tiny!).
Establishment blamed
Somewhat of a light drizzle starts but I’m hardly disturbed
Then I sponged the edges of the white CS with Early Espresso ink and attached it to a rectangle of Marina Mist CS and attached 2 brown metal SU! brads. While I used Cherry Cobbler CS for the card base, I added a second layer with some SU! DSP from their FrostWood Lodge collection after mounting some Early Espresso quilted ribbon across it. I also cut out a white shimmer paper snowflake and added a light blue snowflake brad to tie it all together. (The white shimmer paper is from Doodlebug Designs and I have NO IDEA where I got the blue snowflake brad! Sorry!!!
Adams' Pack Station 76th Anniversary Party
7: SHIRLEY & LEE - The Engagement
There stories take place during a long heatwave where terrorist acts regularly take place.
I also don’t know about you, but my past was really awesome, in a 17 year old kind of way. I looked back at the things I said and I wouldn’t take them back for the world. I was a bold little boy. Now I’m old and I can’t talk about the same things anymore. I still do, but that is why I have no friends.
“They lead out of luxury and they should know that luxury has identity signatures” he said.
Ham bone, smoked pork jowl, etc. (any hunk of seasoning meat or soup bone)
She moved to Columbia Records in 1976 after sometimes nasty legal wrangling with Shelter. “Second Childhood” earned her a second gold record, but subsequent Columbia releases did not sell as well. She left the label at the end of the 1970s.
To be clear, this initiative is not about “dumb custom” – i.e., the “custom that is not customized.” For example, taking a book, ripping off the cover, putting in the faculty syllabus (maybe), and putting a new cover on with the school and faculty member names on it would be considered "dumb custom." Our focus is on “smart custom” – i.e., custom aggregated content that is aligned or matched to student learning outcomes. Smart custom is created in partnership with faculty and linked to course descriptions, syllabi, and accreditation targets for student learning outcomes. It is in recognition that one of the biggest complaints of students is that the faculty member does not use large portions of the course materials required, and also considers where course materials are headed in the future with increasingly custom course material offerings.
In a vet's waiting room.
Had so lit up the whole
14. Saying they love my book while they squeeze my leg and roam their hands up towards my wallet.
Each of the unlockable cups are abandoned afar in one engine chic at a time. For example, if you alleviate Brilliant Cup in 50cc you will still accept to alleviate it in 150cc.
house and shot the three men dead,”
God convinces him. Later on in the story Gideon has a whole slew of men ready to go to battle. But God wants to shift the odds. After thinning out the crowd by sending home guys who were afraid (22,000 of them took off—oh crud), he has Gideon bring the last of the men to the water – “Separate those who lap the water with their tongues as a dog laps…”
Illiza, who claimed she has the support of the public, said the police would continue to hunt for punks in Banda Aceh.
4. Gareth Bale (Tottenham Hotspur)
About the Movie:Matthew Stevenson is a troubled kid from a broken home. When he vandalizes the local church to get back at his parents, Matthew has to repair the damage to the church to avoid criminal charges. While working at the church, he meets Ernest (John Ratzenberger), an accomplished wood carver who created the intricate woodwork decoration that Matthew destroyed. Ernest has become something of a hermit, but reluctantly comes out of reclusion to help repair the church. Now Ernest and Matthew must work together to preserve the church's beautiful antiquity, and along the way, they also manage to restore their faith in God and in life.
Project Management & Project planning tools:
I so envy people who have that ability. I worked some years ago (briefly) as a surveyor’s apprentice. First of all, the guy was a math whiz, measured the azimuth of angles and saw much of the physical world with a Galileo/DaVinci mind.
I am very open about being on anti-depressants. I am very open about the fact that I have been suicidal. Neither of these is my fault, it's not something evil which I need to hide; I've had dark times and I'm just thankful I made it through. I hope that by sharing it (when appropriate) it might help someone else seek help or help someone talk to others they know who are depressed.
I’ll post up here one last time when the new one is ready.
Are things early, late or right on time where you are?
Tonight I'm taking a break from rest-of-life because I just acquired something AMAZING.
We were all lead to believe that the British National Party was a political party and that we intended to win at the ballot box and bring change democratically. For many years that was happening at a local level however since Jim Dowson joined the scene it has changed from that to doing whatever we can to get money for HQ. Even when the local groups and branches raised money our accounts were plundered and raided by HQ to cover their own incompetence.
-THE CROWNING AWKWARD MOMENT OF THE ENTIRE VISIT: getting a male physician for the physical. Who happens to be cute and around the same age as you. And then that whole awkward moment when he has to listen to your breathing and heartbeat under your shirt. With his cold hands. No worries, there was a female physician in there at the same time. Oh and then when they're pumping blood out of you and BOTH your arms hurt and you're breathing in and out of your mouth so you don't cry/throw up, he happens to come from the front room and check on you. Awwwwwkward.
CHICAGO — The City of Chicago must hire 111 black firefighter applicants who were passed over for jobs years ago and pay tens of millions of dollars in damages to about 6,000 other black candidates under a ruling issued on Friday by a federal appeals court.
St Peter's The Saints Whisky Beer at 4.8% is brewed with peated malt and the beer is blended with English whisky from St George's distillery in Norfolk. It pours a pale golden in colour with plenty of initial carbonation driving off an upfront sweet peaty whisky aroma with a touch of biscuity malt. The palate brings straight up peaty malt interluding with sweet honeyed malt whisky and a lingering peaty warmth in the finish. My impressions are that this beer is showcasing the taste of the whisky more than the base beer, with the beer more or less adding new dimensions to the experience.
The courier guy will deliver the product(s) to your door step.
I was amazed at our Lamaze class’s granola children that were so ignorant that they paid for the class, but have no intention to use modern medicine at all. I mean if you’re just there for the breathing exercises, save your money and watch a few online tutorials. In fact watch the video on water birth at your home, because you’re not going to get to the hospital in time on your tandem bicycle, YOUR ONLY WAY OF TRANSPORTATION TO THE HOSPITAL. If you want to go the route of natural child-birth, I have no problem with that. That’s awesome you can endure that, and not introduce drugs into the babies already fighting for life body. The fact was that these people didn’t care about the monitors, the medicines (even the ones needed for complications), nor any alternative methods to delivery. Sorry, this may come off as completely crude and discourteous but I’m going to say it anyways. Choosing not to take advantage of modern medicine when its available, is natural selection at its finest.
Avocados and pretty ladies.
The Memphis Grizzlies were apparently in “cruise control” mode, as they lead comfortably into the 4th quarter of playoff game one with the Los Angeles Clippers.
The more I read about what to do, the more I want to scream at my computer...I can not bring them inside over the winter months!! No they can not be a house plant till the warmer weather returns!! Really is that the only option? OK 20ft Magnolia looks like your sharing the house with us, not likely! I am not about to dig my huge hydrangea out of the garden to relocate to a pot to bring in my house. I think I'll try the burlap route this year, swaddle them until the snow passes?
Security! Can you come back up on stage again?
holding onto each other in the night, our breath without words,
No words,
Chest heaving as they wheeze and squeeze their breath.
Teri said she'd like to live there, but her friend said she'd really have to downsize alot and get rid of lots of knick knacks. We think there would be enough room for us, though. Here's some of the photos she took.
Even if that means catching a second (or even third) mental flight later that day. I just don’t gracefully shift gears back-and-forth throughout the day. So how about you? Is it easy to transition to different tasks throughout your day? If so, how do you do it without losing momentum, or spending a lot of time getting back up to speed when you return to a task?
Independence Day barbecue – mainly a lot of grilled meat.
And it is there that the space between closes a bit.
Had each found their ultimate mate
I added eyes and eye lids to the face and needle sculpted the nose a little more than the pattern called for .
Very recently one of my friends lost her 24 year old son (her one and only child) and she ask me for a poem to be read at his Memorial Service. I started looking through my poems and nothing jumped out at me, I though oh no what will I do..I can't deny this sweet, grieving mother of a simple request such as this..I'd never met her son so I thought that maybe I could write something from a mother's point of view as I have a son. I started writing and nothing seem to work..No words came that I could go with.. knowing I only had a few days to do it in and fearing I would disappoint her, needless to say I was at a loss..
Your a disgrace
4. Kiki Lowenstein and the Purple Passion: A Kiki Lowenstein Short Story by Joanna Campbell Slan - When a customer’s daughter is falsely accused, Kiki Lowenstein foils a nasty plan to ruin the girl’s reputation.
It doesn’t have to be this way. Corporations can take a cut while still making significant profits and share the wealth with farmers and farmworkers.. If each American family paid $16 more dollars a year -that went straight to workers- it could double the wages of farmworkers, which would get them closer to a living wage. Change is possible. If you want to get educated, join SAF’s listserve by contacting me at nadeen.bir_ at duke dot edu. If you’re ready to take action, come to:
S: I have a minidisc recorder, and I like to make sounds longer and reverse them. I also lived in Sweden from two to nine years old. This was before the internet, so I used to record tapes and send them to my grandparents back in Iceland. Like, “Hello, Grandma. I’m playing!” Now I’ve put a lot of those tapes on CD. I used a clip from them at the beginning of the first song, “Good Morning Scarecrow.” My mom is asking me to sing and I’m saying “Nei, ég get ekki sungid!” (No, I can’t sing!) and then I count the song off “einn, tveir, thrír…” (one, two, three…).
"So I read those posts you made for Resolve.Org and I read the page on how Family/Friends should support those who have to deal with infertility and holidays such as today. I hope you are doing well.
The approach taken with the HCR legislation is based on a not unreasonable calculus, and is the kind of compromise we get in a representative democracy largely co-opted by powerful economic interests who now have full citizenship after Citizens United v.
Blacks came from all over the nation, hearing of the economic opportunities available on The Black Wall Street, where the concept of recycling Black dollars was thriving in the face of segregation which gave Blacks no other option but to conduct commerce amongst themselves.
2 optical connector with big one and one each little one
For delinquencies within existing home equity credit lines, 79% came from loans originated from 2005 to 2007. The number of revolving home equity loans is at a five-year low, with 11.6 million outstanding as of March 2012.
I have acquired a decent stack of free blank dvds and cd's.
Arianna officially turned 18 months on January 24th, but we just had her 18 month well baby check yesterday. We took her in to find out that she has lost weight since her last checkup! Little peanut only weighs 23 pounds! She grew taller, 31.5 inches to be exact. They aren't too worried about the weight loss, in fact the Dr. commended us for offering her the same meals as we eat (for the most part) for breakfast, lunch and dinner and if she refuses them, then oh well. I know that if I just made her some mac n' cheese or something when she refuses our dinner, that she would eat...but part of me feels like that's me giving in, letting her know that as long as she refuses to eat what we are eating, Mom will make her the good stuff :) Our Pedi agreed! We were told to limit her milk intake to 16 oz. a day, so that maybe she will be more interested in food. I am honestly not surprised that she lost weight, the child never stops moving. Ever. And from what I hear, she is even crazier at daycare! We have to get the lump checked out on her neck again. It isn't gone, so there there are a few tests that we are going to have done, just to make sure. This is happening next Wednesday and she will be getting a vascular ultrasound done first.
Did I tell you? Brian will be home tomorrow. Brian will be home tomorrow!
For many people life is not so kind, my next job today is to send my charity donations for Christmas. I have some causes I support all year round - my local hospice, the RNLI, and the air ambulance are my main ones but at Christmas I always try to give extra money where I can. The real message of Christmas isn't the gifts or the food and parties but in the true wealth of life, family, friends and the thankfulness for the bounty we've recieved all year. The joy of Christmas lies in sharing with others especially with those who may be struggling.
Grate the carrots finely and mash the banana with a fork. Mix to make a dough with the flour, rolled oats and oil. If necessary, add a little water.
This was the perfect breakfast, too. We all woke up and served up some broth, along with a boiled egg or two and some jerky. Simple, delicious. I hope you’ll make it and enjoy it too!
The sentiment is from a set of May words that are now retired from CTMH. I finished it with a more feminine blue satin ribbon. It's much darker in real life. The photo lighting sort of bleached its appearance.
METAL GEAR RISING: REVENGEANCE
* Enlarged Prostates – 19,249
(Sorry for the poor quality of the photos today. I just cleaned the lens. ahem. :- O)
Thank you for asking how I am it means the world to me...:0)
Unwin then goes on to discuss in some detail the ideas of Camillo Sitte
1 knocked
My kids got to see 9 states and Washington DC on this trip! We drove out of Illinois, across Indiana, across Ohio, through Pennsylvania, down through Maryland, around DC, through Virginia, and into North Carolina. On the way home, we drove across North Carolina, into Tennessee, up through Kentucky, up through Indiana, and back to Illinois. Whew! That was a LOT of driving. More than once, I fantasized about stopping at the nearest airport, abandoning my car, and flying home. With no one to switch off with, driving all that way was tiring. My shoulders are still sore and tense!
84Who seek in love for aught but love alone.
Every piece of what you are,
You can also mulch under trees and plants in your actual beds! Using hay or actual “mulch,” aka dried pine needles, cover the ground beneath your little baby trees a foot or two out from the trunk. Pile the stuff up til it’s really thick. This will keep moisture and nutrients in the tree’s roots. Putting large stones around a tree trunk or raising the soil to build a little circular wall will also do this to some extent. Mulch in your garden beds for the same purpose. Just make sure your plants there are big enough so as not to get suffocated!
By the time I was ready to hit the Pandazilla, Justin had a certain trick up his sleeve he was ready to show me. This was a cocktail he had invented involving Pandazilla, stag cherry bourbon, illy coffee liquor and ice.
decisions come out of this debate.
they should be cured when you are here a day or so. There are
They had previously committed to handing over power by the end of June, after a presidential election that they say will be free and fair.
On the banks of Staten Island's eastern shore sits a worn but elegant cottage, where once lived a woman of modern artistic gifts that just a few decades earlier would have been considered magical.
Our initial rendez-vous was brief but I knew I had fallen in love and announced at the table our intention to marry. My fellow Cell Block C inmate was surprised but laughed, knowing I was serious but also realizing that the union would never hold up.
It's comforting to know that not everything changes with time. Take a look at this sweet video I came across. It was taken at the Brooklyn Botanical Gardens on Easter Sunday in the early1960's.
DW: Do you think the failure of the Russian airplane that had their entire hockey team onboard was in any way related to this war?
I have used my Spellbinders Die Grand labels Four for my Base of my Card. I Embossed my next layer with Snowflakes. I added Glitter so the Snowflakes will give the pop factor. I have used KAndrews Stamp sets. I stamped my owls multiple times on different papers then I cut and layered them to give dimension.
* "Heartache in Alicante - Find out what OHIM refuses", here. Guest Kat Darren muses over the grounds upon which the Office for Harmonisation in the Internal Market refuses Community design registrations. * "Freedom, security and justice -- or skiing with AdWords", here -- an early note on the Court of Justice of the European Union ruling in Case C‑523/10 Wintersteiger AG v Products 4U Sondermaschinenbau GmbH on that messy question of which country to pick when suing for internet-related trade mark infringement. * "The price of silence and the myth of the Batt Cage", here. So there never was a real settlement of a copyright dispute in which rights were claimed in 4 minutes and 33 seconds of silence ... * "Bonny result for Bonnier as IP discovery trumps data retention rules", here. Another Court of Justice of the European Union ruling, this time in Case C‑461/10 Bonnier Audio AB, in which it seems that IP enforcement overrides the niceties of data retention rules. * "Jumping up and down as Roadshow hits the buffers", here. The IPKat's rapid response to the Australian ruling in Roadshow v iiNet on ISP liability for authorising copyright infringement.
Ben's finger hovered over the SHATTERBURY button for a moment before he pressed it. Acknowledging the press, the readout said SINGLE or RETURN.
and services to assure consumers on the quality of the products that they purchase or that they would consider purchasing. This fundamental function cannot be fulfilled if trade marks are not noticeable, or unavailable, to consumers when selecting a product. The inability to recognize a brand or trade mark on a product would lead to consumer confusion, and therefore diminish the goodwill acquired in that brand through considerable investment and effort over a significant period of time. In fact the inability to call for or recognize a brand also takes away a consumer’s freedom of choice.
Life as an unloving dead
Sometime I read an article about the menstruation cycle with the magical 28 number. Though a healthy cycle can be between 21 and 35 days, nevertheless, somehow, the articles about periods suggest to have 28 days, which considered to be "perfect". It is not all the same to say: "the typical cycle is 28 days length, but the range in length can be between 21-35 days" or "normal cycle is 21-35 days length, the average is 28 days". According to the first one I am not typical if I have a non-28-days-length-cycle, that prompts I am "bad" one, meanwhile the second one tells I am "good". I had dropped into this trap.
When you last heard from me, I was playing, largely unsuccessful, mediator in a titanic battle of wills between my lovely bride, Dragonwife, and my son, Darth Spoilboy. Since last Friday several deals, for both a new Kia and several used cars fell through for any number of reason you might be able to guess. As time went on though, the main issue became how Dragonwife and I wanted to go slow and look around for the “right” car figuring we could juggle the duties of driving him to and from work with the vehicles, we already own. However, the hormone-crazed teenage Spoilboy wanted something bought immediately and became increasingly aggravated with what he saw was our glacial pace.
Marion
In 1936, Connee’s sisters retired and Connee continued on as a solo artist (having also recorded solos during her years with the group).
Arena 19 – Truth be told, I have not watched either of these shows yet, so I know nothing about who they are or how they are going to fare by the end of this one. Both of them have their series still airing. If I had to guess, I would think that the Mōretsu Pirates team would win, since they have been around longer; therefore, people would be more familiar of them. Upotte!! is pretty decent, so people may still be unsure as to who it is they are going to be faithful to. Mōretsu Pirates also has a popular voice actor in their arsenal , so this may be another factor to their victory.
Though tourism is not only fun but historic as well. Take a look at the tulsa oklahoma houses that was so close that only an acrobatic grab of a good arts education, few students attending Oklahoma City is fast becoming a destination for water-themed travel. With further developments likely to participate in a special grant program funded by the tulsa oklahoma cinemark that means fans can't expect to have passed through during this time in three weeks, the casino tulsa oklahoma with Texas No. 3 and Florida No. 4.
3. Sugar – 6 tbsp
She then broke the news of her summer plans to stay in the US for a month with her mother who lived there, having remarried. I was gutted, but I got the address and I wrote to her everyday without fail. It was a time a immeasurable happiness for me and always will be. One of my milestones of my youth. And if she ever reads this, which is beyond doubtful, I would say this... thank you.
A Fish Called Wanda (John Cleese & Charles Crichton)
Gunner for life.
VIII. Few people were tall enough to embrace the thumb with both arms.
#5 List your top 5 stores you like to frequent/shop.
Tuesday - Organic whole wheat whole grain pasta with olive oil and lemon, avocado, tomatoes, and onion (pasta salad)
BLOGGING as a way of making sense and remembering, and in the hope that some of it may be helpful, interesting and encouraging to those who read it.
Hope you join in!
The simplicity of the color scheme and the little gaggle of snowmen are just too fun. And while I'm guessing not many of you who are in New England are all that eager for the snow to start, I have to say I just love winter and snow and this card just makes me happy! The bermuda ink draws out a little iridescent blue in the diamond glitter!
A-aa-aa-chooo!
I can never get enough of lilacs when they are in season...I just love them so much! But, sadly, they do not last long. I do have a Miss Kim lilac bush that always blooms later than the traditional lilac bushes, so at least I will get a whole new bunch of fragrant blooms again here in a few weeks!!
shuffling of feet,
I did not expect this:
Fear gripped her. Her hands lashed out, finding crinkly – was it latex? – sheets covering a variety of sludgy textures, as if someone had poured a mixture of plaster of Paris, quick setting concrete and sponge cake mix into a water bed, but no handbag. This wasn’t good. Time to open eyes yet? Maybe not.
I can't get over how tall my coneflower is this year! It's so pretty, and obviously VERY happy where it is!
Some how her pictures capture more than just the things in them, the snaps convey a mood, a feeling that only Paris has. A bike on a street corner. A sign. A cafe. A secluded street. They are all oozing with Parisian charm and coordinated with a color scheme as if they were meant to be together.
2. I usually only piant my nails on my left hand, that's why my left hand is stained and my right hand isn't.
I also demonstrated the presence of cabon dioxide in exhaled breath by blowing into some limewater through a straw.
I should stop it.
In the meantime, click on my ICN Gayby piece above, leave your work in the comments section here for me to read, and enjoy these PHOTOGRAPHIC MOMENTS OF HILARIOUS TRUTHS as my parting gift to you:
Canning Equipment and Amazon Blurb:
No related posts.
I am undone.
As it turned out, the parking for the Beaver Boardwalk is in an apartment complex, where there are a handful of spaces dedicated for Boardwalk visitors. So we crammed the Trek into 3 or 4 spaces, set the chock, and walked down to the boardwalk,
It has been a very happy place here on blogger with this happy award going around!! And guess what? It came around to my little blog space :) Big, shiny thanks to Bethany Mattingly (who also passed along the circle of friends award), Frankie, Tiana Lei, Karen Denise , Kelly, and Kristi for passing along this award to me.
Although Vogue called, they wanna put you on the cover baby. (Silk is IN)
jellyfished with brine
Fred feels misled.
Marlin Azul Lodge
Heartland has identified Forecast the Facts as “a front group created by the same individuals responsible for politicizing the science and polarizing the debate over climate change”, noting further that the group “has no scientists on staff, no history of participating in the climate change debate, and no credibility.”
1. Durkheim, Emile (1893). The Division of Labor in Society, New York: Free Press. USA
whenever I had any spare time I made snowflakes for friends
Judy at JayJaysFavorites commented “Can’t figure out the last one Mike. Unless you have one of the Red Tails flying in the red sky”!
That might be a little difficult to make out for some. So I zoomed in and inverted the unemployment figures. Are they correlated? Yes, and closely.
The pressure that the reason we struggle to get pregnant is MY body.
The root of the problem is that these 'leftists' have lost any sense of what they are for.
So its been a pretty relaxed week here and although there hasn't been much time for blogging (as per usual) I have found time to keep up with a few of my favourite subjects!
5. Bluest Eyes
But that wasn't the weird part.
Congratulations to Janet, who won the black "Welcome to Amish Country" panel and Debbie, who won the blue one! I will send them right out.
The Serpentine Column has one of the longest literary histories of any object surviving from Greek and Roman antiquity — its provenance is not in doubt and it is at least 2,487 years old. Together with its original golden tripod and bowl (both long missing), it constituted a trophy, or offering, dedicated to Apollo at Delphi. This offering was made in the spring of 478 BC, several months after the defeat of the Persian army in the Battle of Plataea (August, 479 BC) by those Greek city-states in alliance against the Persian invasion of mainland Greece (see Greco-Persian Wars). Among the writers who allude to the Column in the ancient literature are Herodotus, Thucydides, Demosthenes, Diodorus Siculus, Pausanias the traveller, Cornelius Nepos and Plutarch.The removal of the column by the Emperor Constantine to his new capital, Constantinople, is described by Edward Gibbon, citing the testimony of the Byzantine historians Zosimus, Eusebius, Socrates, and Sozomenus.”
7:00 am- last minute check to make sure I packed the kid’s current sporting practice gear, backpacks, lunches (which J and Sassafras are responsible for packing themselves), and J’s fully stocked toddler bag.
“Something I picked up over the years traveling. What can I do for you, Detective?”
I am really happy that I can have Thai-style salads whenever I feel like it. Sweet and sour, plus tiny bit of spicy (hot) is really a wonderful appetiser to start a meal.
So, technically, when things like this are said:
Silence your windy bottom by pulling apart your buttocks before you pump. Hey Presto! No embarrassing 'fart' noise
It is a beautiful red-orange with the most amazing micro-glitter. It applies very smoothly, and is just jelly enough to let the glitter show all it's sparkly goodness.
I will still be doing what I am doing now, but I will be mainly working from home.
The Mater and ISAAC charters are all run by Academica, Florida’s largest charter-school management company. Academica’s president, Fernando Zulueta, said the deadlines for both charter approval and grant approval are close together, forcing schools to use the same enrollment estimates in both applications. But the final grant amount may be lowered based on lower enrollment, as in ISAAC’s case, he said.
rejoice and share with me
Even though we have had some recent contrition in terms of carrier commitment, it was recognized that we need more company participation and a serious attempt to expand the range of alternatives available to leverage the risk.
Andrew suggested that a good next step might be for organisations to work together to help spread an authoritative message, thereby extending the reach.
April 17th - Jordan Landing Barnes & Noble, West Jordan @ 6:30 pm
Over the last 25 years or so, I've spent some time feeling sad that my father often found it easier to spend time with my stepmother's family than with ours. I've spent some time feeling that she didn't treat him very well. During my "Tuesdays with Dad," I saw a new side of her - of them. I watched her nurture and care for him, and I saw them sweetly tell one another, "I love you," and their faces showed they really meant it. I let go of my resentment. And I spent enough time with him that in the end I felt no urgency to tell one more story or say "I love you" one more time. Equally important, I'd heard him say those words to me often enough that I believed it, I knew it.
These and other media gatekeepers are searching frantically for something to take the place of the BP-sponsored disaster in the Gulf of Mexico, which is depressing and devoid of sex appeal. They might consider checking out why we're stuck in two wars and being barbecued by huge global banks, oil and drug corporations, and anyone else who knows how to channel legal bribes to political weasels.
(iii) decide how much money you will spend on clothes on each semester (or trimester, or month, I don’t know your level of addiction to renewing your wardrobe) and stick to the plan. Look for the sales, friend, the sales. Who cares it’s last season. Everything will be last season a season from now anyway.
‘Five top journalists, including Geoff Webster, the newspaper’s deputy editor, were detained earlier today on suspicion of making illegal payments to police officers and other officials before being released on bail. On January 28, four current and former senior executives at The Sun who were closely associated with former News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks were held as part of the same inquiry….’
What happens is we have music playing.
Another way Messenger Angels relay messages to an individual is through images. Let’s say, for example, that a lot of books and periodicals will have pictures in them. Sometimes these are scenes of nature or people who are promoting certain products and so forth. If one comes across a picture that relates to the message that needs to be transmitted to them, the Messenger Angel can choose to have certain pictures turn up time and time again. Let’s say you are reading a book about marine life in the Pacific and the problems and perils these lives are facing at this time. The words and images in this article will also conjure up images in your own mind and help make a point clear. But that is all it is, a point you understand. But then let’s say that over the next several days or weeks you keep coming across television programs, pictures in magazines, or images from some other source such as whales and dolphins coming up in conversation you have with others will certainly bring to your attention that something about these creatures is of importance to you in some way. You in turn set off on the task of discovering what that meaning could be. All these are reinforcing images that let’s you know that the plight of these creatures and their suffering is related to you or perhaps it implies that you can help do something to relieve this suffering. If and when the latter is true, the Messenger Angel is fully aware of this you see. Maybe the image received has to do with human events and suggests that there is something you can do about that situation. Images of war and conflict might have to do with conflict in one’s own personal life. Human beings are rather interesting when it comes to personal matters where stress abides. It can be much easier to simply ignore such conflict due to pride and ego-type things that can be stumbling blocks to taking steps to dispel this kind of thing.
The report of Mr Salazar’s decision comes as the US prepares to mark Martin Luther King Day, a federal holiday marking the anniversary of his birth.
For bonuses, you may get:
I absolutely love this stamp - it was another result of my birthday spree! But I have had my eye on it for a while .. The papers are Gabrielle by Bo Bunny and the doily die is Sophia's heart by Cheery Lynn. Core'dinations is used for the matts and the card is finished off with pearl gems, WOC flowers and a tonic punched butterfly. I also blended some Pool Adirondack around the edges of the image. The sentiment was free with my new personalised stamp for the back of my cards from Stamping All Day. So impressed with the service I got here .. I would highly recommend it for your personalised stamps!
I am coming to terms with having Diabetes, initially I was shocked and angry. I had been suffering with Shingles for months, and had been back to the surgery several times and just been given different painkillers, my weight had dropped by a stone and a half and I was so weak I could barely function, as I explained in a previous blog I was taking every high energy drink I could lay my hands on and pushed my glucose levels to a dangerous level, which resulted in me eventually being admitted into hospital and being diagnosed with Diabetes.
I die cut a cupcake out of Hibiscus Burst cardstock, stamped the cupcake in white craft ink and added a little button with some hemp tied through it. I adhered the cupcake to the card with foam tape. Super simple, and super fast!
It worked. After several more years, Dr. Randall had created a super-bug, a retrovirus that contained the ability to alter a person's DNA so that they would be resistant disease. He had done it. But as Dr. Randall held the triumph in his shaking his hands, he finally looked up from his work and discovered that his daughter was now a stranger to him, and humanity was no longer worth saving.
On the 2004 Form 990 available via the charitable portal GuideStar (via the IRS), the names of grantees are redacted (right). On the 2005 form, the names of grantees are on pages that are not attached. In other words, without asking the foundation directly--as I did after first looking for the 2004 form nearly two years ago--the casual searcher would not have found the names of donors.
and through some of the interviews she's given I gathered the following:
Now I just need different couches and some new carpet or maybe hardwood floors
The lounge on “B” deck was filled with a milling crowd, and as we went through the doorway out onto the deck, people pushed between my father and mother and Long and me. Long and I could not catch up and were entirely separated from them. I never saw my Father again.
Now I'm back at work...how did That happen??? Oh well...it's time to make a fresh pot of coffee and pretend to do some work. Enjoy the day!
Possible: Picture, Max von Sydow (Supporting Actor), Eric Roth (Adapted Screenplay); Long Shot: Stephen Daldry (Director)
There's many things I wish I didn't do
Carrying the pain inside
Any random weekend morning, you're more likely than not to find me somewhere in the San Gabriel Valley in my quest for great dumplings. The latest was the popular Mama's Lu dumpling house.
Over the weekend we took a quick trip up north to see about a house. And I was able to explore our new town for the first time. It may seem strange to say (given that I have spent a lot of time in Maine), but before Saturday I had never actually visited York. The sea shimmered under bright, sunny skies, and the lilacs were laden with purple blossoms. Maine at its best. No doubt we will spend many hours exploring this strip of coastline over the years, and the subtlety of the place will reveal itself slowly. But the these first images are pure light and color.
We have one set of double windows across from our bed that faces the neighbors house and a single window that faces the front yard with a window seat underneath.
Professor Kuruvilla George is also the state's deputy chief psychiatrist and one of a group of 150 doctors who wrote to a Senate inquiry on marriage equality. The doctors' submission argued children with a mother and father were healthier than children with same-sex parents.
I don’t think I slept during that time. Normally I write my books in long hand and then type them, but if I remember correctly I was on a short deadline so I had to type the book directly into the program. Lucky for me, at the time I typed about 100wpm, and before I knew it I had written and edited the book. Looking back at it now I think I must have had fewer disturbances in my life.
But when she stepped off the plane—when the wall of heat hit her—she was back in familiar territory, could not wait to get out of the airport, down to the docks, catch the ferry and get back out on the water again.
9 bags Lay's Potato chips
Andrew and I refer to what's coming as The Baby Olympics or The Big Show. Even though I've intentionally avoided birthing classes and prenatal yoga and reading the labor parts of my baby books (which probably explains why I didn't fully understand the risks of carrying a breech or why we had to rush to the hospital the other night which, by the way, totally interrupted our March Madness plans), I've been actively mentally and physically preparing myself for the day. Sort of in the same way I did when I ran track in college.
What fun Eastery ideas have you seen lately?
It was a bat.
My husband was astonished to discover the other night that I considered him a Mr. Rochester. He had read Jane Eyre and had never been able to understand what Jane, or the girls in his high school English class, saw in such a horrible man. Then I read this quote to him, where Jane describes Rochester’s character:
I've also been working hard at losing a little weight. Ideally I'm keen to lose 30 pounds. I've been using the elliptical and trying to 30 Day Shred everyday. So far this week I've achieved that 4 out of 5 days. Not too bad. I've been trying to eat healthy and been logging my daily food and exercise at www.myfitnesspal.com.
We talk a lot about these Four C’s in just a bit, but before we do, we need to talk about who is going to do all this yacking.
I watch and smile as Moon drinks his beer. Keith Moon sees me and shakes his head and winks -
I think that’s all for my to do list.
What is interesting is how this is able to be justified. I mean I remember when I was young I used to work for my uncles and friends of the family doing labour stuff where they would basically get the young kids to “do the dirty work” Which is what you see in Fast Food places where there is a lot of young kids working there because they are able to afford working for cheap wages because they likely live at home, and this is somehow justified within the parameters that one must start out at the bottom and do the dirty work and work their way up. Because this is “how the world works” Where the entire employment structure is based on economic slavery. And no one seems to question it at all, but just assume that it is working or how it is supposed to be.
The ideological assumptions of passive women and attractive women are etched away many instances in the film. In the opening and closing scenes of the film, couple Ringo and Yolanda are robbing a café at gunpoint.
So the question of the century is: how do writers stay fit? How do they honestly keep their spare tire from sprouting three or four more? How to they get rid of spare tires and make it so they don't have flabby necks, cramped wrists, and tired tushes?
of his ear,
Just Jacqui and
Whether you need that e-book by your favourite author, computer game off steam or software patch, scheduling your downloads will mean that you won’t need to be out of bed or next to your pc throughout the day to get things done.
What do you think of that? Jesus does not say, "If you brother sins against you just forgive him" but "rebuke him!" In other words, you cannot just lay down and let them run rough-shod over you and everyone else! They need to know what they have done! Let's face it, we and a lot of other people are pretty dense, and unless the offender is awakened to their offense they will go merrily on hurting and offending yet more!
Last year I ordered chocolate-covered matzoh from a vegan chocolate company we love. Sadly, we were unimpressed with the Passover treat. So this year I made Tom my own version of it. It really takes no time at all. Just melt the chocolate, dip the matzoh and let it harden in the fridge. Done.
And fried eggs
1/2 cup Biscoff spread
When up is where you shouldn’t be.
Hi, friends! Notice anything different? My new design is by Sweet Faerie Designs and I'm a liiiiiiiittle in love with it. Still fixing a few of the kinks, so bare (bear?) with me while I figure everything out.
Hey ladies! so I know I have talked before about Fake Bake Flawless, But I have never posted pics of how it turns out on my skin.
So, here's the card:
From there my life took dramatic turns, it took me to the snow, I did end up doing my
I hope you had a wonderful and peaceful weekend. I am still working on organizing my office I never knew it would be such a monstrous task! Nevertheless, I'm creating progress on an area of my home that most definitely needs it.
Alyssa
Out in the bay we were on the look out for a variety of birds. Some appeared to me to be the average seagull, but we also saw white tailed eagles, a seal, and puffins! The puffins were the highlight and before we saw them we kept joking with Greta telling her she had better have not eaten them all.
The significance of Moses was that he represented the Law of the Old Testament, as the law giver. The significance of Elijah, was that he was a representative of the Prophets of the OT, a man powerful in word and deed, as Jesus was. The “Law” and the “Prophets” formed the major part of the OT. They pointed to Jesus, they witnessed to the Christ, and now Jesus as the fulfilment of the Law and Prophets was present with them. There was about to be a third witness to Jesus, God the Father Himself.
As it turns out, it was ‘being four’.
2/ got something nice to say...
That was discovered on Wednesday. The doctor advised us to start by putting olive oil in Eleri's ear, in the hope that the thing would float up and out of her ear, but he made an appointment to see him the next morning if that didn't work. Well, the olive oil didn't work. So off we pop to the doctor the next morning - the doctor tried a few things, and the nurse tried washing it out with water - but still no joy! And no-one can tell what the item is - I think it looks like a tooth(!), the doctor thinks it's white with something yellow on it, and the nurse said it doesn't look as if it is round - it seems to be kind of square shaped! So, then it was a trip to the Ear Nose and Throat Department of the district general hospital. The first doctor we saw there said he thought it looked like a tooth (I had not told him that was what I thought it looked like!), then when he couldn't remove whatever it is, he wondered whether Eleri's ear drum had burst and it was that he could see so he asked his colleague to have a look. The second doctor came in and said that it is definitely a foreign body, and he thinks it is something plastic, he said it looks like a grommet, but she's not had a grommet fitted. That doctor did not think it was wise to remove it whilst Eleri is awake as it is too close to her eardrum. So he's booked her onto his theatre list for Monday morning, to have it removed under general anaesthetic!
4) your family life and societal life will begin to erode and leave you with nothing
When I scrapped this pic the song lyrics ,"There are more than angels watching over me" came to me and reminded me of how my Grandparents who never met Vivi are keeping watch from above and keeping her safe.
* 1 egg
To make the sauce, take a knob of butter and brown it in a pan or pot. Chop lots of garlic and add it to the pan.
Will Middlebrooks- Yes, I'm a little bit biased since it was his debut, but he played a really good game-- going 2-3 with a double, a walk, and even stealing a base.
“Consider it pure joy, my brothers, whenever you face trials of many kinds, because you know that the testing of your faith develops perseverance.” James 1:2-3
I resist the urge to ask him
I have received a lovely cross stitch Christmas Card from my dear friend Mary Grace in Malta. In fact I also have last years on display as well. Thank you so much Mary Grace.
In the meantime, we hope you will join us in our upcoming blog hop.
Bel Canto Time without end N
120. Pigman, The: Paul Zindel
While I advise kids-up-to-a-certain-stage to turn to their parents for insight about selecting appropriate books, I generally also tell them that reading banned books is an important part of exercising intellectual freedom. In general, over time, read as many as you can.
“Whoa,” says the little girl with a touch of awe.
The Swedish model recognizes that prostitution is an institution of inequality. Most people in prostitution enter as children after being sexually abused. Lacking education and resources to survive, often destitute and homeless, they are easy prey to pimps and johns. Sexism and racism lock them in, as in the United States, where African-American women and girls are overrepresented in prostitution, as are native Canadian women in Canada.
Always, always make sure you know who has the power.
A groupiw asked about good places to bring kids. I thought about ignoring it, but I gotta please the fans. First off, if you can ditch the ankle biters, it would be best. They don't like standing for hours watching alt-country-punk-rock-singersong-writers. They also can't buy beer, and whine. Unfortunately, as payback, Ms. Knoxious puts me in charge of the children on Saturday. Instead of missing acts, I go out scouting for all of you parent. The best places? Ones that ignore the smoking ban...ha....I mean a parking lot or park works best. Here's my favs with children:
Normal POV
I looked recently and noticed I had 500 followers! Whoa! It's hard to believe that this little (often neglected) blog has that many followers. I remember when I first started the blog, my mom and occasionally Justin were the only readers.
but when you talk
Tier 3 – Remaining Realism
I saw the damage in the front office, and it was pretty bad. There was sand everywhere and it smelled bad. A whole row of those foamy ceiling tiles had caved out, and the rest all showed signs of water damage. There was water running down the walls. Everything was soggy. They're going to have fun returning it to its former glory.
Guilt pokes at me when my eyes rest on the baby basket, or when I open the baby drawer to toss in something new.
5. Sun Harvest veggie chips, 2 for $3 at Sun Harvest (through 2/2/11)
So, two more tips for how to pilot your life (personal or business) are:
- Judge J.H. Logan from California, USA, created the Loganberry fruit. He crossed a wild blackberry with a cultivated raspberry and came up with his own fruit.
No Regrets is an interesting, streamlined autobiography that doesn't get bogged down in ego, unnecessary descriptions of drug abuse, band strife, sex, etc., but still delivers on tasteful mentions of what sells these musician tell-alls: sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll.
Jeremy remained crouched in the garbage can seemingly forever, figuring that their cries of “come out Jeremy, come out wherever you are, we’re going home, the game's done” were just a lame ploy to lure him out prematurely. He was eventually found, hungry, shivering and holding a Pogo Ball for warmth. He sat there, in a pile of his own poopies, victorious. He was the clear winner.
cold dark untouchable
Her Daddy said, "Sorry honey, but you have to be five years old to play baseball, and you are only two. You will have to wait three years before you will be allowed to play."
Margarine
“We had both been associated with the Oxford Group, Bill in New York, for five months, and I in Akron, for two and a half years. Bill had acquired their idea of service. I had not, but I had done an immense amount of reading they had recommended. I had refreshed my memory of the Good Book, and I had had excellent training in that as a youngster. . . .
But after he said yes I got all excited and started
Here’s hoping it’s not made you grim or sick.
If you have a home theater system you are aware how important a good sound system is. The issue is that many people end up shelling out a lot of money on the TV and have nothing left for a 5.1 system. Lots of people believe that you have to invest a lot of money to get a good sound system. This is the reason we have decided to take a deeper look at the RCA RT151 Home Theater System.
And it is responsible for Jun-baiting an entire generation of Arashi fans. That is my story. I watched this, saw the name Arashi on MatsuJun’s profile and the rest is history. Of course, nothing can prepare you for the not-gay-at-all rainbow happiness of Kitto Daijoubu (first Arashi I ever experienced), but I digress…
Your name is the word of truth.“
Finally, we had Avery’s Mephistopheles paired with a raspberry beer-a-misu, which is about what you’d imagine. This is one beer I’d never tried, mostly because I was put off by the $10 per 12 oz. price tag (and that's in the liquor store). It was big, dark, delicious, and dangerous. Somewhere over 15% ABV.
I decided it looked too stately to paint over it.
"How does the 13th October sound for your surgery date?"
After a long, long time, many years of soul searching, study and self-discovery I believe I have finally 'got it' and now understand the difference between the deepest agony and misery of the human condition and the greatest joy!
1.) I don't eat grains. (This is not 100%...I eat croutons on salads from time to time - maybe once per week, or so, and sometimes, the call of a cupcake or half a donut is just too much for me to bear! And beer hasn't completely been eschewed as of yet. So I'd say I'm about 90% grain free at this point.)
The world’s oldest profession still is cash-friendly, but police departments along the Airport Corridor notice a new trend in paying prostitutes: gift cards. “Instead of having a bunch of cash around, they have a handful of gift cards,” Moon police Chief Leo McCarthy said. ”You automatically believe cash is an ill-gotten gain. But if you see a couple of gift cards, you might not think twice. It’s just another game people play.”
You really can’t tell the players without a score card anymore.
Then I noticed my cat. She looked spooked. This is her regular face half of the time. But what I wanted to know–and believe me, I tried to get it out of her–was whether she was scared because she’d heard the noise, too, or because she had actually been the cause of the noise.
Me: Yea
Line 2: which amuses me to no end. B
The stories combine aerial combat and espionage with elements of the bizarre. In Scourge of the Skies a diabolically clever German scientist has developed a gigantic mechanical pterodactyl. Other stories involve death rays and beams of light that cause instant senility, or what appear to be ultra-advanced super high speed aircraft.
So I put together a little movie to celebrate our little ones first year of life.
"There is zero tolerance for discrimination at USDA, and I strongly condemn any act of discrimination against any person," Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said in a written statement. "We have been working hard through the past 18 months to reverse the checkered civil rights history at the department and take the issue of fairness and equality very seriously.
This is my card, using Discount Cardstock, The Twinery twine, and Funky Christmas Tags Stickerz from EAD. A sheet of these Stickerz is only $2.50, and FREE shipping. I bet you even have time to grab them now, and use them before the challenge is up! (Although you don't HAVE to use these stickers, or even EAD products to participate! Very cool, huh!?)
Many organizations will set up shelters around areas hit by major natural disasters. If you are unable to stay in your home and cannot reach relatives to stay with, a shelter can be a great option while you get back on your feet. However, any shelters will be over crowded and lack basic services, so don't rush off to one just because your home doesn't have power. Only go to one if you really need to. If you do end up going to a shelter, be sure to tell a neighbor where you are going and contact your out-of-state contact person so they know as well.
I can hear the chants as the crowd shouted “Allah hu Akbar” (meaning, God is great) as they threw the stones. I can still see the stones as they were hurled against her, one after the other, blood gashing off her forehead, deep wounds inflicted on her beautiful face. They stoned her to death. The man she was supposed to have committed adultery with was even given stones to throw at her so that he could ‘reclaim’ his honour. One after the other the stones flew. She screamed, cried, groaned and mourned until her voice and strength ebbed away and she died.
However, in these times you dark wish to take your ascension away from you by any means that they can, and a part of doing this is Creating violence and Creating and feeding separation in these areas where some souls of such areas will respond and react to the energies that are given in such purity.
Snared and frightened, Dupic resisted the monk's inhuman strength by attempting to flap his wings and fly away, but the pious pervert was too strong. Determined to reach Cupid, he drew from the reserves deep within his half-soul and dragged the now naked monk with him, closer to his hypnotized brother and Cyberon.
Barry Arrington, the new webmaster at William Dembski’s blog, Uncommon Descent
He is alive today!
“I saw the picture on the pamphlet—“
-Lil’ Wayne gives his thoughts on Jeremy Lin “Laden”
Desperate of a tragedy.
Lady, my son goes to preschool, I am the mother of a preschooler, don’t make me a library grandparent!!! The sweet woman was very accommodating. She figured out a time that fit my schedule, smiled, thanked me for being a library grandparent and sent me on my way.
* Using your personal power to achieve goals
By the time he was 18, he was selling his paintings on the streets of cities across China in order to pay for his ailing father's medical treatments. His travels introduced him to the idea of using his mouth to paint, a more elegant solution that using his right leg.
Fall Out Boy. Skinny jeans. Panic! At the Disco. Black eyeliner. Band t-shirts.
Except ice cream.
“Our volunteers are important to us; we not only benefit from their contributions of time and talent, they are our strong connection to the community,” she says.
Yet they have consistently failed to step up to the mark on behalf of the people of Abergavenny. This failure may come down to a combination of poor advice from civil servants to ministers, and an indifference on the part of elected representatives of Labour in Wales towards any other parts of the country that fall outside what they perceive to be their territory.
Quite incredibly, the EPA issued a positive report on May 1, 2012 regarding the safety and toxicity of various dispersants use in the BP Gulf Oil Spill. Included in this assessment was the use of Corexit. This report “indicated that all eight dispersants had roughly the same toxicity, and all fell into the “practically non-toxic” or “slightly toxic” category.
Well, almost all the people who buy lotto tickets are in need of money. Socioeconomically speaking, the most economically disadvantaged tend to be the biggest buyers of lottery tickets — this is part of the reason that a lot of people have moral problems with state lottos as they are essentially a tax on the poor. So, everyone who ever buys a ticket is going to be horrified that someone else got the jackpot when they didn’t. People are incredibly self-centered, and so they remember the odd things that happened in which they were the star — which is why this stands out in your memory. In reality, if you ever play the lotto, the odds are pretty good that you won’t win, however someone has to actually win it. So while your odds aren’t that good, your odds of encountering a winner, especially if you play often and spend time with others who do as well, are pretty high.
(BTW, the strawberries are to die for and very abundant.)
Crazy by Lydia Loveless
So, they gave her to us in a cardboard box with air-holes in it.
Brooklyn Special Education Enrollment Sites:
You can hear the angels sing
I'll start:
At this point I see the biggest benefit of the program, ironically, as the option to earn no money at all. A book in the program can be made available for free for up to five days every 90 days. I'm doing a blog tour January 23-27 and so made Seven free for the same time period. It's now been free for about 1.5 days, and it's currently ranked #6 on the free books list and has had over 25,000 downloads. Granted, I make no money from those downloads, but I'm certain I've reached new readers and some of those readers will buy my other books.
She slowed down some once they were in the gate, walking over the main bridge over a lake to get into the city proper. Huge statues, even taller than the gate, stood on both sides of the path.
Kristie
Therefore I say unto you, Take no thought for your life, what ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink; nor yet for your body, what ye shall put on. Is not the life more than meat, and the body than raiment? Behold the fowls of the air: for they sow not, neither do they reap, nor gather into barns; yet your heavenly Father feedeth them. Are ye not much better than they? Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit unto his stature? And why take ye thought for raiment? Consider the lilies of the field, how they grow; they toil not, neither do they spin: And yet I say unto you, That even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these. Wherefore, if God so clothe the grass of the field, which today is, and tomorrow is cast into the oven, shall he not much more clothe you, O ye of little faith? Therefore take no thought, saying, What shall we eat? or, What shall we drink? or, Wherewithal shall we be clothed? (For after all these things do the Gentiles seek:) for your heavenly Father knoweth that ye have need of all these things. But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you.Take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof. Mat 6:25-34
But, I think the best part of the holiday season is.......LIMITED EDITION PEPPERMINT STICK ICE CREAM! Mmmmmm!
Following the often manic ‘pose down’ the placings are announced in reverse order until only one competitor is left on stage and crowned the winner.
I’d finished TWO different manuscripts in the time between HENRY FRANKS going out on submission and finding out that the book had sold. Two. I’d spent months revising and editing them both but neither one was ready yet to go out on submission itself. They still needed more editing and I just couldn’t find the ability to do any of it. Both manuscripts just sat there, listening to me cough.
Everybody knows a turkey
The film’s discussed in the previous chapter are all examples of what I would term serious horror. They are movies that use fear and terror as an artistic tool. These are films that even the most right thinking individual can find it within themselves to approve of. They are movies in short to whose artistic merit I would cheerfully swear to in any open court in the country.
Really, was there any other chick that would do?
Extending this further, can Malaysians handle discussing problems of a sensitive nature (not just apostasy) rationally and resolve them together? At a Malaysian student conference I attended recently we touched on some of these issues. At the conference a speaker jokingly asked “Malaysia boleh…ke?’ I left that conference thinking ‘boleeeh!’
* Stats tells me how many people have viewed my blog and where they came from (Facebook, another blogger and says what country they are from) It doesn't tell me who has been here. I only know who, if you leave a comment.
Spring Schedule 2012
My message
“As feature phones gear down, smartphones are ramping up, which is forcing change among OEMs, vendors, carriers, and end users, and is changing the mix of leading vendors in the game,” Napier said.
We were only in Venice for an afternoon (it’s too expensive for college kids, we had to leave), but it was beautiful! The city is so surreal- there are no cars because there are no roads, just canals! We figured out how to use the water taxi (who knew taking a taxi could be so fun?!) and walked along beautiful little streets to our hotel (we found out that it was the last place Casanova stayed before he left Venice- so historical). On the way to the hotel, a gondola man yelled out, “Hello, Spice Girls!” Um, hi? It was a great first welcome into Venice.
However trust me; it improves after the first glass. After a couple you even start to enjoy it. You may very well fall over, but it won’t be outside on the ice going to or coming from a dumpy pub.
Leave it blank? Why put it in the journal if it has no purpose? There’s nothing on the other side of the page, either! For a doer such as myself, this was difficult to accept. There I was with my tools of destruction at the ready and Keri Smith was asking me to leave them alone and do nothing. My muse was ready to pop a gasket!
You can swatch products at your leisure, try products on and there are always plenty of makeup artists to help you out. The infamous and renowned makeup artist and founder of highly acclaimed makeup brand Eve Pearl was also there demonstrating hands on some of her makeup:
Right after graduation Dan went into the hospital for a routine tonsillectomy. He was 17, older than the average age for the procedure but not unusual. The surgery was not routine. His carotid artery was nicked during the procedure. It seemed to be healing, but days later when the scabs fell off and the artery expanded it began to bleed.
Closest Food Locations if not supplied:
Oh, I almost forgot...Happy New Year!
You know, things like laughter and sunsets, lilacs and smiles. Things like parenthood and dogs and paint and rental carpet cleaners.
But here's my first question: does the First Amendment actually protect individuals or groups claiming the right to free speech from private action? The First Amendment was conceived with the intention of protecting the rights of the people against the government. "Congress shall make no law" doesn't just imply that--it states it straight out. So it seems to me that a civil action between Mr. Snyder and the Westboro Baptist Church would not be not be a First Amendment case. That would actually be a pretty good deterrent to the WBC protesters too--you have the right to say what you want at a soldier's funeral, and the soldier's family has the right to sue you for it.
It's hard to know where to start, so I guess in the middle would be as good a place as any. When I began working as a special education teacher, I was also going to school to obtain my master's degree, as a condition of keeping my job. The lack of time, two kids to support, and a SO (significant other) who put all my art stuff into the attic made it all but impossible for me to make art. I rationalized it to myself this way: "What good is art, anyway? It doesn't bring in any money, and I'm completely broke. It doesn't mean a thing to most people, except maybe as a way to decorate their living rooms." I told myself, " It doesn't help anyone; no one needs art."
Allison Jones
4. Once the mixture is combined, allow it to rest in the fridge for 2 hours until set. Then, use a spoon to scoop out small balls and roll in your hands (it is a bit messy) and then roll through cocoa powder until coated. Top with a sprinkle of matcha powder. You can store these in an airtight container in the fridge or freezer, but you should let them come to room temperature before eating, as that will allow for the best flavor.
Elsa Morgan had a life most people would envy. She had two great loves in her life, had two beautiful children, and she died peacefully in her sleep at the age of 58. She was thankful for her life and the blessings bestowed upon her…
Thanks for reading! I hope you have a great weekend!
Only one thing ever spooked him,
So guys, I am back home and working and wanting to pick up my stitching again. I think today will be a perfect day to begin!
Raymond Weil – Fantastic Designs With Essential Features
Organization is an area where I am certainly lacking
We put this sacred secret snow
And every one who is my child here tonight, you are already a star and your star will be getting bigger, it will be getting brighter in the Mighty name of Jesus.
"Dudu Pukwana - In the Townships -1973 South Africa":
Russell Potter
Today i was at school and after that i went shopping. The weather at us is just crazy. Yesterday it snowed and it was cold as hell( i think just 4 degrees or something like that) and today it was 23 degrees. ô.O
The existing large Taxus, Yew, shrubs are preserved. A buffer of perennials is created around the trunk of each Quercus, Oak, tree.
10 American Wedding
Hey there, everyone! This is Leslie D. Soule, and I’m here to talk about my novel Fallenwood, and about the dragons of Fallenwood in particular. I’m writing Fallenwood as a small series. In Book 1, I’ve introduced two types of dragons – the Great Dragon, Illeydra, prophet of that mystical force known as The Eternal that is Fallenwood’s divine power, and the Dragons of the Dawn. I guess these could both be categorized as “good dragons” – the kind that do things like usher in the new day and tell people about their destinies. I haven’t had these dragons destroy things or eat people or any of the things that other, ruder sorts might do. As far as dragons go, they’re fairly well-behaved.
http://www.fultonstreetbid.bravehost.com. Please let teamtish know how you feel about the BID, by leaving your comments in the comment section of this post.
Now, you can't strike on benefits. You can't say "Right, that's it, I'm just not claiming your Disability Living Allowance any more" Cos, you know, you'd starve. AND Iain Duncan-Smith would be thrilled which kind of defeats the object. DWP ministers were always pretty safe in the knowledge that they could do what they liked with us.
On a slightly more serious note (if you consider war and people getting their hearts cut out to be serious. And I think you do) this is my favorite drama, hands down. Braveheart is for sure quite worthy too, but this one makes me swoon. I can hardly believe that villainous Wes Studi went on to play the Sphinx (he's terribly mysterious) in one of our other ridiculous comedy favorites "Mystery Men." That movie makes me snort with laughter - Mystery Men, not Last of the Mohicans. Also, Zoolander. But we were talking about Last of the Mohicans. It's beautiful and perfect and sweeping and inspirational and luscious.
It was not known if Mubarak was in the palace, one of at least three in Cairo, or even in the capital. The palace was protected by four tanks and rolls of barbed wire, but soldiers did nothing to stop more people from joining the rally.
Lissa’s uncle, Victor Dashkov, finds out Lissa can use spirit and forces his daughter to lure Lissa out, eventually kidnap Lissa and tormenting her in to healing him, because his is terminally ill. While distracting Rose and Dimitri are under a strong lust spell. This, I think is to bad, is broken off by Dimitri. And they end up saving Lissa from her uncle.
2) I learned that you really do need to wear a helmet when either riding a bike or on any two-wheeled motor vehicle! A horrible incident happened to a woman we know, her husband. He was riding his Vespa (or similar type bike) wearing his helmet, and stopped at a bridge we have to cross over to get to our island. The bridge was up and the traffic was stopped for quite a distance. So there he is sitting in the traffic, and bang, he gets hit by a car from behind, driven by an 18 yr old who was more than likely texting on his phone! Luckily this gentleman survived, pretty banged up, but no broken bones and home from the hospital. He happens to be a personal nurse who works with patients with spinal injuries, he is so lucky he is not a patient himself! And this 18 yr old …. didn’t even get a traffic ticket!! Seriously!!! Something majorly wrong here! There will be legal action but this is just disgusting! The lesson is that this man is alive because of his helmet (which is not alive anymore!) I guess I won’t argue with my husband anymore when he insists that I wear my helmet when I’m just riding to the post office!
But is the commander-in- chief saying no one would be spared except himself? At the core of this horrendous heist is the violation of budget management for which the President carries the responsibility. Any President who says he is not aware of the theft of N3trillion Naira for an item for which only N245 Billion was budgeted is not fit to hold office. That the President presented a supplementary budget in May, 2011 without asking for more money on subsidy is clear evidence that he cannot say he was not in the know of over 1100% fiscal roguery on the budgeted sum and this is a clear breach of his oath of office. In this regard, we agree with the House recommendation of the need for the criminalisation of budget overspend but we demand that it should not be in the future but to start now with this subsidy scam. The constitution is clear on this breach.
6. “Helena Duel” – The lawlessness and everyday mayhem of the Toughest Town on Earth gave rise to the infamous “Helena Duel”. Two bad guys would be stripped. Their left wrists would be strapped together. Each, armed with a 3 inch blade, would then slash away at each other until one bled death from the wounds. Crowds of blood thirsty spectators would watch, cheer, and bet on the outcome.
Whether by chance or design, the Acer Iconia Tab A200 is an easy tablet to rate. It’s a budget tablet and, as such, there are omissions. But, if you look around at other budget tablets – such as the ZTE Light Tab 2, Disgo 9104 or Archos 70 Internet Tablet – this is better by quite a long shot.
Avoid soiling your trousers by not pulling apart your buttocks when you think you are about to fart.
Local contestants include: Gorilla Barbeque, Grandpa Jones Smokehouse, Firehouse BBQ, Hats Off To Dining and Holy Hog, the defending barbeque champion!
On 12 July 1875 Lemington Station opened on the Scotswood, Newburn & Wylam Railway. On 15 September 1958 the station closed to passengers and on 4 January 1960 the station was closed to goods, but the lines weren't lifted until 1992, when the Ever Ready battery factory in Newburn closed.
Money Remaining: $734,000
Creator and man’s need to believe in
DRUMMER HODGE - 1899
Overwhelmed. Unorganized. Wondering what it was all for anyway. Defeated. Tired. Needing help.
I had to stop in Central Square today to buy stamps. It was peaceful, standing there in line, waiting my turn. Looking down that long lobby, I was struck by how much I used to enjoy the post office growing up. The one in my hometown was a quiet, solemn space that had metal garage door-like shades, which came down over the windows when the clerks closed for the afternoon. I remember wandering around the lobby while my mother handled her errands. I loved peaking through the plastic doors of the post boxes to see how much mail was packed inside, wondering who these people were that didn’t use the mailbox at their own houses. I’d watch those who came toward me, hoping to see someone who could unlock the mystery of the tiny doors.
5) What is at least one thing you want to make sure you do next year?
My first reaction was -- Piece of cake! I could do that. But let's break this down a little to see if I am being realistic.
Citing the law, judges have granted immunity to killers who put themselves in danger, so long as their pursuit was not criminal, so long as the person using force had a right to be there, and so long as he could convince the judge he was in fear of great danger or death. The Times identified 140 cases in which “stand your ground” has been invoked, and many involve defendants whose lives were clearly in jeopardy. At least a dozen share similarities with what is known about the Trayvon Martin case, and they show the law has not always worked as its sponsors say they intended.
Good thing all caps makes something clear.
The Black Angels play with Dead Meadow and Spindrift on Friday, Oct. 21 at Headliners Music Hall. Tickets available through ear-X-tacy and Etix.com. $15 adv/$17 day of show. Doors at 8PM, ages 18+ with I.D.
In ancient India, the idea of ahimsa developed, which means “not doing harm.” Followers of this creed believe that living in a manner that reduces the suffering of other living beings, including animals, is necessary to reach higher levels of spiritual health.
so for the first one i got it from two lovely bloggers...and it is the "one lovely blog award"
Clearly each wardrobe will be as individual as the person building it. Nonetheless, I would hope that at the end of year 1 your wardrobe will include a small collection of decent shirts, suits, ties and shoes. If it’s been a good year you will have accomplished this under budget and learnt a little more about yourself in the process. Happy hunting.
Tuesday - Pork stir-fry with CSA pea shoots and lemongrass
This is the only ultrasound I will be having, Lord willing. As much as the curious, technology loving part of me would love to go for an elective 3D/4D sono (Have you seen those things? They are creepy/cool.), the conservative, natural side of me won't allow it. Much as I'd love to see her pretty face again I don't care to subject her to another ultrasound.
Little of note has ever come of Derek Clark's election and nothing of merit it would seem.
Simple card but has really cute winter colors.
Unknown (1 book of albumen figure studies, 1890s)
Raid Steve Hilton’s old desk for something blue sky, something headline grabbing. Steve taken it all for his California dreaming?
And because I was trying to open my new lens, I cut my finger. T.T PAIN! ITAMII ITAMIIII.
So what is my generation expecting? That all of these programs and plans for our parents (and grandparents) generation are going to remain for our generation? So we will continue to rack up trillions of dollars of deficit, continue borrowing from China (thanks to Castle for pointing out, this season, how that could go HORRIBLY AWFULLY wrong at the drop of a hat.), just so we can let the government form a cradle to grave mentality?
...I eventually plucked up courage to write on it and yep I knew I was right...
it is so black you don’t think you have a soul
Have you ever seen a really bad DIY wedding movie before with shakey footage, poor sound/audio quality with no editing whatsoever? This 4-hour informative, fun seminar will teach you how to DIY a wedding video the RIGHT way, in which a professional videographer will be filming a series of enactments of a ceremony, entrance into the reception, toasts, cake cutting and first dance. Attendees will see on a screen in real time what is being filmed, with narration of the right and wrong way to do it. There will also be a demonstration of how to edit.
- You’re dick smells like shit, - she said.
For contextual reasons, MacGinnis suggests the list is of captives from Assyrian conquests in the Zagros region, suggesting the mystery language was spoken in that area.
The data don’t capture why a killer felt threatened, or whether the victim was armed. In about 60 percent of justifiable-homicides in which the relationship between victim and killer was known, the pair were strangers. Among all homicides, when races differed, the victim was more often white. In justifiable-homicide cases, the opposite was true: The victim was more often black. Criminologist James Alan Fox of Northeastern University said that difference “is certainly, on the face of it, something that needs to be explored. Could it be an element of racism? You can’t necessarily assume that.” The full article is available only to paid subscribers.
So, as you can tell by the subtle changes currently going on on the website, I posted this on the Native Appropriations facebook page earlier today, and readers had some less-than-nice words for the company. I commend Thunderbird for taking action to try and make their stuff less offensive, and clearly by editing it shows they've been made aware. But not totally aware, because a few readers sent them emails, and got variations on this response:
"When You Were a Child" – (3:02)
The religion of the Boers is one of their greatest characteristics, and one that can hardly be understood when it is taken into consideration that they have been separated for almost two hundred years from the refining influences of a higher civilization. The simple faith in a Supreme Being, which the original emigrants from Europe carried to South Africa, has been handed down from one generation to another, and in two centuries of fighting, trekking, and ranching has lost none of its pristine depth and fervour.
“Yeah!” Aisha added. Brian gave her an annoyed look.
Smelling the aroma from the cups we were holding during one of those breaks, she uttered, “Don’t quit Rcubes. Your situation is like my dad’s. They (supervisors) did that to him too when he got hurt at work and wanted him to resign. Except my dad didn’t want the hassle and did not fight back.”
Gonzalo Alvarez from the University of Santiago de Compostela has confirmed that inbreeding indeed was the reason for the extinction of this dynasty. He traced the pedigree of the entire line back through 16 generations, including over 3,000 people.
I've been photographing Miss A since she was a newborn and
"I really feel so tired of fighting the world all alone and with no money," she once wrote to her mother.
Journal of Intellectual Property Law & Practice, first published online 11 January 2011
I missed you all.
At 540 nautical miles (1,000 kilometers ) long and lying at a maximum depth of 2,000 meters, the cable would be the longest in the world.
creating both of these paintings. The angel was created using layers
I don't believe that Piper is an angel now. I don't believe that she is always watching me nor do I believe that I can talk to her. It's not in my realm of theology to think these are true but I do believe even better.
Upon the 6-year anniversary of moving into the compound, Eli learns that his father hasn't been honest with the rest of the family. They have all come to loathe each other, but his father is the worst of all. Eli learns that his father has been using the internet; something he didn't think even existed anymore. After sneaking online for a few minutes, Eli learns the true extent of his father's deceit and he vows to get his family out of the compound... immediately.
Using a mandolin, slice each potato into very thin slices. Do not rinse them, the starch is supposed to help them stay on the fish. Place one slice on the cutting board and overlap it slightly on one side with another slice. Repeat until you have reached the length of the fillet and then repeat with remaining potatoes until you have four potato packets. Season each fillet liberally with kosher salt and lay perpendicularly on each potato packet. Fold the edges of the potatoes over to enclose and brush the entire thing with 1 tsp clarified butter.
2) Personality: He mentions that your running shoes should match your personality. Are you curious? Risk averse? Train differently? How you answer those questions should be reflected in the shoe you pick (and yes, colour matters!).
I understand exactly where you are coming from. I spent the first year here trying to sell all different kinds of styles that I had been selling at craft fairs and not much sold. So I concentrated on the items people were buying and listening to their comments and feedback which put me in the right direction.
While I don’t necessarily think it is more expensive to be Vegan, I do believe it can be expensive to be a social Vegan. There are so many special events like Vegan chef appearances at restaurants and charity galas that I wish I could go to, but unfortunately, many are too expensive for me. I have to admit I sometimes feel it is unfair that I can donate my time and energy to a cause or raise money for a cause but then can’t attend a dinner or party for that same cause because I can’t afford the ticket. I wish restaurants and organizations would take into consideration that not all Vegans have a lot of money. At this point, I can attend most events only if they are free or if I can volunteer or bring a dish. I know I’m missing out on a lot of great experiences with a lot of amazing people and I wish I could afford more but that’s not my reality at this time.
Can't blame her.
Yay! Today is movie day! That means I have bindings to do. Yes, I save them up and choose my movies and take a day to do the handwork side of the bindings. Handwork is not my favorite thing to do so this way I give myself a treat by making it a special day just for bindings. It also means that the "Ta-Da" moment of the quilt is close at hand.
...the images that some might find troubling - the shots of the girls' legs, those peek-a-boo moments when the camera all but noses under their skirts - are not motivated by any seen character. The point of view here is that of the filmmaker and, by extension, us.
There's been a lot of talk on the interwebs of late about anxiety. I'm looking forward to reading Kerri Sackville's forthcoming book (out May) about the subject because if it's as funny as her Facebook status updates on the subject we're in for a treat.
And I could wait patiently but I really wish you would…
This recipe is one that I have used for years. It is so yummy, decadent and comforting. It may make a small pan but you can definitely double it up. This is the best to eat alone or cut in pieces, served warm with some Breyers Vanilla Bean ice cream and Hot Fudge! The perfect dessert and my favorite may I add.
Jesus flipped tables over. Jesus called the “pastoral” a “brood of vipers.” He yelled at Peter: “get behind me, Satan!” He drove out demons. He lived as a nomad. He calmed storms. He turned water into wine. He hung out with fishermen. He knew many a prostitute.
Harry Potter became an international phenomenon. Almost at once, the copycats started to appear. At one point, anything with a hint of a witch in it got hyped into bestsellerdom regardless of quality (believe me, I had to market the wretched things). Ironically, some of the better Rowling-alikes were actually Rowling forerunners, like Diana Wynne Jones and Eva Ibbotson, newly marketed as being ‘like Harry Potter’ to cash in on the phenomenon. As original authors they’d already been very popular. But rebranded unfairly as being ‘just like that book you just read’, they sold more than ever.
What I did
541350 Building inspection services
Nude model Eileen Yumiko Yap has been in a state of distress since her nude photos were leaked online and circulated widely.
Okay, and who do you say that you are?
Round & Round
Someday when I grow up, I’m going to start painting with oils. Until then, I would love it if anyone has any photos they personally took of night scenes in New York or other cities with colorful streets to send to me. I would love some inspiration from you guys and gals, so bring it on! Post a photo to the Facebook fan page and I’ll check it out!
Oatmeal Cookie Chunk
If you'd like to take that as a challenge, send me the website of an agency that says some form of "we look at all kinds of fiction including genres" and I'll post it with an apology. Two limitations: it can't be your own, and it can't be a scammer. All disputes can be adjudicated by Victoria, Ann or Dave. (You might not know who those folks are yet. There are links to their sites on the right hand side of this blog.) Or the Snarklings (those are the people who read this blog). They're pretty smart. One of them found you and gave me the heads up with a giant howl of laughter.
Support acts: Toby Coleman, Shayne Hunter
And that, dear reader, is the good news!
H: Chocolate Milk! It was yummy.
48To read and weep is all they now can do.
Lugs yawning
I unscrewed the lid slowly, hoping not to make eye contact… because I knew I’d be at a disadvantage if I let those jolly jellied candies peer into my soul. With the lid removed, I peeked over the edge directly into the jar… what a mistake!
I have to choose ten words beginning with L that are important to me. Val had the letter R, Firebyrd from whom she took over the game had the letter B. If you want to play, let me know in the comments and I will assign you a letter. Okay, last leg of blog post. Wheeze, gasp, puff, pant... And in no particular order...
M.S: It's allowing yourself to be yourself, but your best self. Allowing your dreams and talents to take you where you are meant to go. Finding your true purpose and seeking to fulfill it.
Outside Zoos and Safari parks a number of foreign animal species run wild in the British countryside, mostly introduced unnaturally through the stupidity of man, and most cause havoc and devastation to the natural environment and indigenous fauna, such as in the case of the vicious and carnivorous mink, freed from fur farms by so called “animal lovers” in the 1980's, and which have spent the last twenty years eating the natural wildlife, such as the water vole, almost to the point of extinction. No environmentalist refers to the mink as a British species, neither do they the, north African love birds, accidentally released into Britain during the late 20th Century and now plaguing fruit growers across the country, the poisonous North American bullfrog, or the foreign crayfish which have so far killed over a fifth of the native varieties.
World Party Private revolution UK
Coming from a renowned boarding school in Kuala Kangsar, I am privy to some info from old boys who are pro-government supporters as well as from those who oppose. With 9th January looming on the weekend’s horizon (I am writing this on a Saturday while waiting for my wife to finish making her Mee Tomato), the story of succession in both PKR and Pakatan Rakyat in general, comes to mind. It is interesting to note that some people in PKR’s up there has hinted that the Youth Chief of PKR, Shamsul Iskandar Mohd Akin, will take over the helm. Nurul Izzah, the daughter of Anwar Ibrahim, is being promoted by her mother, Dr Wan Azizah, much to the behest of Anwar’s long-time loyal-for-some-fishy-reason lieutenant, Azmin Ali, who wants the Party’s No.1 position all to himself, while the name of Badrul Hisham Shaharin, Rembau’s PKR’s Chief, was not mentioned at all. Badrul Hisham lost in his bid for the No.1 Youth’s position to incumbent Shamsul Iskandar, and therefore does not have the locus standi (if I may use that term) to stake his claim at the National level.
Good gravy, do I love the taste and texture of roasted potatoes! They bring me back to Sunday dinners of yore and good times spent with family. This dish could be your meat-free answer to traditional Thanksgiving fare, or it could be enjoyed throughout the winter months with plenty of gravy. What follows is not a recipe per se, but more a list of possible ingredients and a method. I am partial to mushrooms and tofu together, but you may decide against it or even swap out the tofu for beans.
Anyhow.....
surgeon and model,
Small pinch of dried chilli flakes
Once a month you'll see a different kind of post from me.
amid a sweet pea scent
The Nanny (Melissa Nathan)
When I ordered another JSK later on from QutieLand (Milky Planet Replica in Yellow from DOL), I wrote them in order to understand better what happened. They are always really nice when they answer my emails, here is a part of their answer " ...we cannot tell the reason of easy to get issue on the bust size. But we may assumed that will relate to your height and the lower bust size as well. The original dress cutting may not fit properly according to your body scale. "
My GoPro should be in Wednesday's mail.
Folks, it’s not a pretty picture, but I won’t apologize for sounding like a broken record about it in the pages of this blog. It’s a crisis we’d better face earlier than later.
I got to about 237 without mishap, then THWAP! steel hammer, finger. I'd been doing that tough, manly, two strike routine, none of that girly tap-tap-tapping.. a tap to set the tip into the wood, a thwack! to drive it all the way home.
He gently rocked the glass back and forth, listening to the soft click of the ice, then tilted it back so that one Scotch-flavored cube slid onto his tongue. Sliding it back and forth produced different sensations, each slowly fading as the cold square melted. Looking across the rim of the glass, the bar sat in front of his small table, with the door to the right below the glow of a red neon beer sign, its message for those outside the bar only. He could see shadows of people walking down the sidewalk past the bar faintly against the darkened glass windows, the occasional tourist sticking their head inside, pretending that they could see inside the darkness. Most likely they heard the wailing Zydeco and blues on the jukebox, smelled the odor of beer, liquor and smoke, saw the furtive shadows of unknown patrons, and then pretended that it wasn’t the right place after all. Each had imagined themselves knocking one back in a seedy New Orleans dive bar with some thief, alligator wrangler, Creole politician or other unsavory type, hunkered down over a bar well worn from forearms past, talking about things never spoken of in the light of day. But they always chickened out when they had the chance to do just that.
So there we are. Right back to normal.
The first block this week is #5, Bat Wing (so not loving the name of this block...). And for only the second time, I ventured away from shot cottons by Kaffe Fassett. I got the whole Colourbox from Oakshott cottons (which is luscious, by the way). My Kaffe fabrics don't have any black, charcoal or grey, so I used the Oakshott shot cottons for this block.
Sausage Rolls
Many of the themes featured here are also featured on many modern theme compilations, usually from Castle Music, but this album features rare stereo versions of Tony Hatch's themes from Crossroads and The Champions, tracks which are always featured in mono on such compilations.
Zoya Coraline
We would take walks and follow the ants... (now who does that?)
You are home alone and see someone attempting to pry open the window of your house. Do you:
Tod / Death and Geld / Money appeared on the Malaria! debut full length Emotion (Moabit Musik, 1982)Most of which appears on Compiled. “Kaltes Klares Wasser” appeared on their second Malaria!_...Revisited (ROIR, 1983) and became their main hit although why they opted to wait almost a decade to release it as a single (Moabit Musik, 1991) is anyone’s guess. It didn’t hurt them though, since they got a second bite of the cherry when it was covered (albeit to vastly lesser effect) by ChiKs on Speed (Superstar Recordings, 2001).
I never received any specific, prosaic direction about the phrasing, nothing like “this phrase ends here,” but I had plenty to chew on. The next evening, when I played the same piece, things fell into place in a new way. I realized that all I had to do was show up when it was time for the notes to happen. I just had to have my hand over the keys at that time, and the notes would “play themselves.” Next I tried the Fantaisie-Impromptu, where I’d been stuck at a speed plateau, and found myself going at nearly the required bat-out-of-hell tempo– for a while, anyway– without any effort. One more reason to think the advice was genuine– it actually worked. I hadn’t realized the degree to which I had been fighting each moment of my life as it arrived, existing in a state of tense and even painful anticipation, even though I thought I knew how to Be Here Now. I don’t know how that habit got started.
Jesus always keeps that connection going, and I am reminded that He will never let me go. (Again that’s a little like two guys who are getting an electric shock!)
“Based on what the guy said,” Manny continued, “I’d put them within six to ten miles away on a straight line.”
I'm sorry to contradict my Master, but that's not wholly true.
WINGS was written in third person omniscient, which worked well with Aprilynne's writing style.
Pink Ribbon
While we are on the topic of color, my mood was thrown right back into cranky when I popped into the new studio on my way home later in the afternoon. The painter spray painted the entire window wall BLACK! Black... I mean like black, black. Ceiling black. My studio was suddenly cave like with every bit of sun being sucked into the oblivion of the wall and ceiling. The building manager said they can't put it back to white. I'll have to do it on my own. Sigh, I have SO much other work to do (my latest Color Canvas piece is due next week!). I did not need painting a wall up to a 15ft ceiling on my list. Argh.
This is part of the new social contract. The sheer percentage of consumers with third party collections in pursuit is striking. Additionally, the uptrend through both Bush boom and Obama bust years of the percentage of people being tracked down by third party collection agencies suggests we live in a different country than we did just ten years ago.
Frenzy follows the killer as he plies his deadly trade all over town, and even leads police to pursue and arrest an innocent man for his crimes. The murder scene alone, and I mean alone as it was so effective that it was the only actual murder shown in the film, rates this as a definite horror movie.
I want to export coffee to benefit local farmers and provide an organic alternative to the Starbucks mess we have back home. The bureaucratic structure here has destroyed those dreams. Disappointment is part of the PC experience.
There are so many from the first ten years of the comic, it hardly seems plausible. Where do I start? Rogue Trooper? Halo Jones? Judge Dredd? Nemesis the Warlock? Strontium Dog? All superb.
Harmony is here
“There is once more a large overlap between the intervals of values for children with severe autism and for normal children, but the interval of values for the children with mild autism is again distinct from the two”, according to the researchers.
Mieka hasn't been sleeping well the past two nights. She's been up screaming hysterically, clinging to me and wanting me to stay with her through the night. This makes for a very tired Mieka, and a grouchy mommy. She's stopped napping most days, but today I insisted that she needed to sleep. After a couple of hours, I heard some footsteps on the stairs. Mieka appeared:
But all the cars had one thing in common: I'll never be able to afford any of them.
I chose a college primarily because of its reputation as a “party school.” After all, college wasn’t just about getting an education and launching my career–it was also about having a good time, right? And boy, did I ever have a good time! So good, in fact, that I quickly found that things like going to class, doing my homework, and showing up for tests were all getting in the way.
Mister Lonely
Me: “You are as sensitive as ever.”
“I’m getting to that,” she said. “Once we got back here, Aryc was supposed to meet and kill Darky. Aryc has been working for Lou Jo Wanderberg. But Aryc’s a free agent. Lou Jo I don’t think realizes that. Darky has proposed bringing Aryc aboard his operation and having Aryc replace Lou Jo as the European distributor.”
.... I've spilled my tea again. I'd better go before it gets onto my computer *sigh* *Taylamatay problems* :P
down through the stars
Still not satisfied with the layout of my website I did some more research on photographers websites and came across Brighton based photographer Daniel Burman’s website http://www.danielburman.com/, who I did some work experience with, and was inspired by his home page. Each of the galleries he had he showed with a picture from each with it’s title in the bottom right corner. These pictures he has made as the navigation to the individual Galleries themselves.
Now for Patroclus. And their sobs resounded through
Work, after all, is my reason for needing rest! Or so I thought. It is this "burden" of work and ministry that has made me so "weary". Or is it? As I was in the midst of pointing a finger at the success of ministry as the source of my burden, I suddenly realized that I was pointing in the wrong direction! It is failure that has plagued me with a heavy burden, a weary soul.
Made during the height of the screwball comedy era, this is the movie where Cary Grant perfected his screen persona of the debonair and charming rake. George and Marion Kerby, a pair of gadabouts, played by Grant and Constance Bennett, live the good life during the Depression but its cut short when they die in a car accident in their beloved speedster. The car is ultimately purchased by Cosmo Topper, played by Roland Young, who also has an accident but survives; however, the result is that he can see the Kerbys and they take it as their life’s ambition….um, make that afterlife’s ambition…to turn around the stuffy Topper’s prim and proper life and teach him the meaning of fun. The point was that life was too short not to live it to the fullest, a point that may have been lost on Depression-era audiences who were struggling just to keep their families fed. Still, Topper is and remains an iconic movie of the era, one that would inspire not only several sequels of its own (although none with Grant, who had become too big a star by that time) but also a TV series in the 50s, a TV movie and now, a remake starring Steve Martin that is reportedly going to begin filming soon.
Oh how I love my slow cooker! It does all the work for me and all I have to do is eat! I knew I wanted to make Avery beef stew and did not want to waste so I bought enough meat to use as a meal for us. This meal has a total of 5 ingredients, two of which are veggies. My husband was very happy when I made this meal. He could have eaten the pot all himself!
Heard through the hopvine that Porterhouse, the brewpub in Lahaska, is decommissioning their brewhouse and going full restaurant. The brewery's been down for over a year with a failed boiler.
Jacs xxx
"My name is Steve Jones i was the guitar player in the Sex Pistols and im a visionaire"
Keeping such secrets and automatically reverting to a minority language whenever the law is in sight or could hear, creates a disconnect from integration and an economy and rule of law within the national economy and national rule of law (such as it is). That can only be a strategic weakness when attempts are made to combat serious and organised crime, whatever the ideology for involvement in it.
I just realized that this is going to be a hard movie to describe because there’s no singular plotline to be seen. Well this movie is basically about a superficial high school girl named Cher Horowitz (Alicia Silverstone), who is pretty, popular, and rich. She’s friends with Dionne Davenport (Stacey Dash), who is roughly as pretty, popular, and rich. Cher lives with her father (Dan Hedaya) in Beverly Hills and is visited often by her ex-stepbrother Josh (Paul Rudd). First, Cher gets a mediocre grade on her report card and resolves to fix that by setting her teacher, Mr. Hall (Wallace Shawn), up with another teacher, Miss Geist (Twink Caplan). With that out of the way, she then decides to give a makeover to the new girl at school, Tai Frasier (Brittany Murphy). Tai seems to like a stoner named Travis (Brecken Meyer), but Cher sets her straight and steers her towards rich kid Elton (Jeremy Sisto). Elton doesn’t want Tai; he wants Cher, so that backfires. Cher starts going after a new kid whose wardrobe is stuck in the 50’s named Christian (Justin Walker), but it turns out he’s gay. Then a couple of other things and the end.
Skin:
Can you tell that I attacked my lack of color problem HEAD ON? I went from having no color in my closet to owning TWO pairs of colored pants, LOADS of coral/tangerine tones, and multiple colored cardigans. I may procrastinate when it comes to washing the pile of dishes in our sink, organizing the pantry, taking out the trash, weeding the garden… Okay, so I tend to procrastinate with quite a few things… But when I notice a deficit in my closet, I sure am quick to remedy it!
Jay…
More or less, the reason we watch or ignore a flick like this is based on whether or not it gives us what we want. Dracula (The Dirty Old Man) promises a lot in its title alone - it promises that we're going to see a Dracula (or at the very least an Alucard) that does a lot of very lecherous things with pretty women. When The Count leads Irving into his cave and (in voiceover) says, "Take my hand, and you'll find I'm a stranger in paradise", or when a girl transports into Drac's/Aluc's arms as he says/dubs "Come to me, my melancholy baby", we realize that this is a nudie cutie that is actually trying to be a Dracula movie without realizing it's shooting itself in the foot with each scene. Or at least stabbing itself with a wooden stake.
Well, one of the things that we have are masks. (You can see them sitting on top in the picture.) Again, I wasn't exactly sure what I would do with these when I bought them. I will tell you one thing, I didn't expect that we would turn them into aliens!
Well it's been a rather busy this week at Casa Bliss and I don't know about you, but I am really looking forward to having some time out this weekend.
Suzie Katayama - cello
The author also provides a separate booklet to accompany the deck. It is called Inspirational Angels and is part autobiography and part help guide for using the card deck. It takes you through how Adrian was inspired to create the angels bringing messages of hope and positive thinking, together with affirmations and colour meanings. It was lovely to read about his journey and the meanings of the cards are very helpful.
Whut? I didn't know he was starting to learn his colors. I guess we need to become better friends with this book.
UPDATE–March 29, 2012
“Where is the word of the Lord?
Later, our server told Alex and I we should follow Rhiannon and it didn't appear that we were being ejected. Instead, we were taken to a pair of tall glass-fronted cabinets near the door which was storage of their most special beverages. "Do you see anything you're interested in?" Well, yeah, hell yeah, but it was too overwhelming to focus. Rhiannon ended up choosing a bottle of Byrrh, a rich and delicious aperitif, and then offered to make us each our drink of choice using the Byrrh. Alex was served a variation on the Negroni, and I on the Manhattan. And I've run out of superlatives.
The next story headline illustrates the potential.
Some of you don’t doubt Jesus, your doubting doctrine. Some of you are doubting the church, it’s leaders or practices. Some of you are doubting because church has become an unsafe place for you.
In 1993 members of the Supreme Court, certain members of congress and representatives from the Clinton government meet with high ranking US military officers who were demanding a return to constitutional law, reforms of the banking system, and financial redress. They agreed to create the farm claims process which would allow the legal team to set up meetings all over the country on a grass roots level to help others file claims and to educate them about the lawsuit.
only three quarters fell in the well,
Blogging will begin anew, soon.
In 1988 Slick Rick dropped his legendary debut album The Great Adventures of Slick Rick. Universally acclaimed, the platinum LP immediately catapulted Richard Walters into the pantheon of esteemed emcees who established the foundation of hip hop's future. One of the most unique, dynamic, and refreshing voices to grace the hip hop landscape, Slick Rick is without question one of rap's founding fathers.
Slug complained that with the Queen keeping on getting into shot it would put him off, so we placed him as the rank outsider.
You see 4chan is one curiously strange phenomena and you’d find mountains of porn, kiddie porn, weird-ass shit, stupid shit, and that really annoying anime/hentai crap in voluminous piles of the stuff. However, it’s free and anonymity is assured. Well, speculative in the theoretical.
“Sirs are a revelation.”- Sonic Shocks
The best onion rings I ever made were made with a beer batter.
Hope you are having a terrific day! Hugs to you all.
Now I am thinking of people who seem to give the impression that the only trouble in the world today is wars, and all they talk about is Vietnam and the problem of this war and other conflicts in the world. I have to go on repeating this because that is what is being said. I am speaking to the times—I am showing you the relevance of the Christian message. These people give the impression that if only the war in Vietnam could be stopped and if the problem of apartheid could somehow be solved, they would have nothing more to say—those are their only problems. And, indeed, there are even many within the church who give exactly the same impression. You will hear reports on radio or on television about some church dignitary who has been preaching, and you can take it for granted that he will be preaching either about Vietnam or about the race problem. Again you feel that if these problems were solved, they would have nothing else to say. The whole Gospel message has to do with these issues, they imply. And these church leaders give the impression that the problem is almost entirely intellectual, and the only solution is more education, more knowledge, more understanding. The argument of these people has always been that ignorance is the cause of all our troubles. All you need to do, therefore, is multiply your educational facilities and you will solve all your problems.
You now have a choice to make. You can have zeal as Paul did before the Lord saved him, or to have zeal as he did as the apostle of Jesus Christ. His words from Titus 2:14 is that Jesus Christ wants to “purify unto himself a peculiar people, zealous of good works.”
Was the likelihood of passage of health care reform increased by making a backroom, apparently corrupt deal with drug makers?
Mr. Jaganath ( name changed) is a professor (retd) from University of Delhi . He is 97 years old. His wife is 88 years old and both of them are in frail health with old age complications . The couple stays in a posh flat in an upmarket colony and has five children. Four boys, three of them are in U.S.A. teaching in major universities and the fourth son in Delhi itself working on a high position in some company. The old couple stays with their widowed daughter(58 years) and grand-daughter. None of the sons were willing to keep the aging parents and rarely visit them.
And embrace my passbook
I also have to mention that today is a very special day for another reason - my very dear Grandma turns 90 today! My family all got together this weekend for a huge celebration and we're so sad we weren't able to get there this year, but we were able to talk on skype on Friday. Grandma is a real inspiration to me and I love her so much! Happy birthday Grandma!!
Does Forest City Ratner still plan to build a parking garage--a tough-to-defend terrorist target--under the proposed Brooklyn Arena, the keystone of the Atlantic Yards plan? If not, where would arena parking go? And will the state Empire State Development Corporation (ESDC) consider security and terrorism issues when it produces a Draft Environmental Impact Statement (DEIS) for Atlantic Yards?
Would you whisper it to your best friend?
The second film, No Way Out was your typical revenge movie: guy wants out of mob, mob kills his family, and he takes revenge. An ending that caught me off guard, some off-the-wall death scenes, and a perpetual soundtrack of funk kept things interesting. Probably one of the more straightforward films of the night.
You can support Grant by making a pledge to pre-order the album and take part in the greater pledge drive through Pledge Music for US$10. This will allow you to take advantage of the some of the great offers that are up for grabs. You’ll have access to exclusive videos and updates about the album and its release, as well as news on live performances and more.
Level 10: Reduces the damage received from the enemies by 10%.
We are cutting out California and Nevada to give more time in Denver and the Rockies with Matt. We will pick those up on the northern end when we go to Seattle in a few years and do that loop. I am taking 4-5 weeks to do this trip, I want to have time to stop and stay if the mood strikes us, chances of getting back to most of these places with the kids is very low.
“This extra job is only temporary.”
and farm produce.
In this case I doubt the validity of the inclusion of Paraphilic Coercive Disorder as a diagnostic catergory.
Mei is successfully employed by the Chinese mobsters. She does a great job for them. But then she’s grabbed again – this time by the same Russian mob that we met at the film’s outset.
The City is at the centre of Britain’s financial system, yet its system of governance is positively feudal. Its lack of democracy allows the secretive and corrupt practices of the city to continue. It needs a local council like all others, one member one vote, and to be fully under the control of Parliament. Ownership of the substantial assets it controls needs to be transferred to government.
+56 7 9.70 , +46 2 3.66
No one’s heard her answer from the grave
Factored in my progress to this new day!
1:45PM - Finish up the bread sauce and make the gravy.
So what I stated was incorrect. I apologize to Steve Simmons, the Danish Defence League, and EFI for posting inaccurate information. Many thanks to the people who drew the error to my attention.
Notes: The goal is to go ALL OUT on each run, then try to complete the pullups unbroken. There will be no penalty for breaking pullups, but try to get as far as possible without breaking.
“Isn't it odd how much fatter a book gets when you've read it several times?" Mo had said..."As if something were left between the pages every time you read it. Feelings, thoughts, sounds, smells...and then, when you look at the book again many years later, you find yourself there, too, a slightly younger self, slightly different, as if the book had preserved you like a pressed flower...both strange and familiar.”
“I guess it was meant to be flattering. I guess it was meant to portray me as tough. But even if you’re tough enough to start your day with a meal of deadly poisonous insects, it’s not something you particularly want to do. You don’t seek it out. You do it because there’s no other honorable option” – p. 11 (NY.’s “Evening Numbers,” 10/24).
I love birthdays, but honestly was a bit sad leading up to this one. I was really sad that many of the people that have been such an important part of my last year were not here to celebrate it with me. But… both snail and electronic mail can do wonders in reducing the size of the Atlantic and was so happy to receive gifts and well wishes from afar – thank you so much to all that sent me some long distance love! It was really, really appreciated.
Try to be inventive and surprise us. Hopefully your posts will be at least 100 words to show that you really put some kind of effort into your post. But if all you do normally is post a quote, then keep it in the alphabet theme. Don't worry about subject matter-- this will work for absolutely any blog. If you only post about food or animals or crafts or whatever, you can come up with alphabetized themes.
Summer Rains
I spent all my time drunk, in the pub from opening till closing, I cut off my hair – literally, I hacked at my long hair leaving barely an inch of hair over my head; and using the scissors I had just chopped my hair with I slashed my arms and legs terrifically. I still wanted to die but my partner and best friend made sure to remove all sharp objects and all medication and constantly checked that I had neither accessible to me. I made plans to crash my car, to jump off a bridge onto the highway and other ideas to take my life that kept spinning around me, each time someone interfered preventing it from happening.
Eating Disorders Center
Let's consider a suspense genre book with a crime scene for an example...
is the Editor of Romantic Homes;
apple ssssstrudel for desssssert.
The one we both agreed on as definitely a favorite of the month is One and Only Ivan by Katerine Applegate:
sounds and which ones go together and which don't, it
Of course, I'm totally just speaking hypothetically here.
How are you feeling by the way?
So we can reasonably state that Najib has a dark cloud cast by the rakyat over his halo that BN has painstakingly tried to keep in place.
On this occasion I made balls out of the mashed potato
old right-fielder got the call up in September, but had yet to play a game. I can
so I thought I would make another one,
One thing on my mind is safety & emergency planning. I will be making this trip without my husband & children. While some might think this sort of trip would be liberating, for me it’s mostly about planning for the unknown.
This book is a very helpful and important tool. In this day and age, it is far too easy to lose sight of our children’s wants and needs. We know what is best for them, so sometimes, we put their needs on the backburner, or block them out entirely. Not catering to our children’s “love needs” or speaking their “love language” can lead to very serious problems later on. The system of learning that “love language” that this book teaches is very simple, straightforward, and honest. It is easy to see how the system works making it simple and brilliant all at the same time. At no point during my reading did I raise an eyebrow In question of whether the methods would actually work. When something is simple yet flawless, it is both easy to understand and very useful, this book is both.
gypsy, accompany them home.
You were all charm, cad. You–ever so gently–stirred a little threat in with your honey, even in your parting words. If your tone hadn’t been so sweet, your parting words about “try to get good rewards with your debit card” would have sounded oh-so bitter.
to keep the land and refused welfare.
Ah. Footwear. Paris. Anxiety. Should I take (a) brown shearling-lined matronly, totally warm suede boots, (b) my tall black-leather equestrian boots, or (c) my favorite new over-the-knee grey suede Stuart Weitzman zingy-make-me-feel-hip boots?
On February 6, 2006, Eric Axelson announced he was leaving the band. He was replaced on bass guitar by Justin Klug.
Here is my card. I used blue cardstock for the base cut at A2 size. My second paper is DCWV from Nursery Boy. I love this paper. I rounded the corners with my trusty EK Success corner rounder. The third paper is DCWV textured mat stack Brights cut 1"x5"in a strip. I applied the ribbon using MPS cheater method. The ribbon is from Paper Studio. The final touch is the chipboard embellishment from K and Company. I used pop dots to lift it off the page for added dimension.
: to steal and pass off (the ideas or words of another's blog) as one's own : use (another's production) without crediting the source
Sunday I began my red velvet cake mix search while doing my regular shopping at the local Tom Thumb (that's Randalls to you Houstonians) and was unsuccessful. On my way home, I stopped by my always favorite, never-fail Target. Of course they didn't have any, either. Little did I realize, THREE GROCERY TRIPS LATER there is no red velvet cake mix in the city of Dallas (zip code of 75240 and $8 "gourmet" mixes don't count). I know I have purchased this mix before, because I have made red velvet cupcakes a handful of times including right before Christmas. Something is up.
RUSSIAN RELUCTANCE
Art is all about failure — drama, comedy, whatever — you go to the theatre, movies, wherever to watch people fail and fight. Failure makes comedy funnier and drama, well, more dramatic. Failure needs to be embraced and encouraged. You can’t be an artist unless you are honestly more-than-willing to fail.
These are a few of the amazing designs. I also managed to talk to the designers about their garments and of course I took photos.
May 03 1:31 AM
Bellow you can see what other supplies I used for the project.
the glance of your eyes, the touch of your
The opposition holds against Gosheva the fact that she is the mother of Slobodanka Gosheva, former head of the national census commission. They also say Gosheva is already a retired prosecutor, which is not in accordance with the law.
The basement play area
"Oh, you need to check," Mitchell insisted. "I'm sure I saw it while we were sitting there. And there's five hundred bucks in the front compartment. I'll send it right up to you, Fed Ex. You'll have it tomorrow."
But when we asked for reversion of rights, the response shocked us: if I would buy the considerable copies the publisher had sitting in their warehouse, they would revert the book. I have to tell you...it felt like coercion.
"Hey! Sarge or Lieutenant or Captain or whoever you are...."
stuff with it and no matter how hard the puter guy
I can't stress enough how many GREAT projects each issue has! Our family received two issues, each of which had between 90-100 projects and activities. We have two boys (ages 2 and 5), and I sat with each of them for about 30 minutes just poring over the fun stuff to do. We've picked out quite a few to do, starting this week, so over the next few weeks, hopefully I'll get some pictures to share on here. :)
The house still exists and can be visited. If you are not a MacDougall, you will be allowed into the museum built in the old servant quarters. It is interesting but not worth coming to Oban alone for. However, if you are an MacDougall then you are family and are allowed into the actual house for a personalised tour. We actually had the Laird in waiting, Robin, stay for our tour. Lovely man. Reminds me of Tim’s second cousin Kenny.
Love it or hate it, summer is on its way and what better way to welcome it than with your new Ray-Ban Wayfarers? With their cool retro-funky designs, Ray-Ban’s new S/S 2012 Rare Prints Collection is a must-have for every summer-loving beachgoer, or for someone who simply has an eyewear fetish (are there any of you out there?). Available in a variety of shades and colours to choose from, be sure to grab these babies real quick; you never know how many eyewear fetishists already have this on their wish list (I know I do!). Personally, I love the super multi-colored version (shown below) but for the more conservative types, the shades also come in more subtle tones. Happy shopping!
Also, if you plan on button holes, iron on interfacing is a good idea. It will keep your button holes from stretching, making them look nice and work better. It's also a good idea to help reinforce waist bands and support zippers on light fabrics.
* Fill the kitchen sink up with hot water and add a few drops of a scented dish liquid. Not too many, you don’t want it to be harsh. There are many very nice scents out now, from vanilla and lavender to grapefruit. It is completely up to you.
For others, discrimination provoked them to try to build a community of fathers:
This being the last sunset of 2011, this is also my last post for 2011.
To give you some perspective, you need to know where the Boston Convention and Exhibition Center are. As you can tell from the Google satellite map below, the convention centre is surrounded by mostly empty grey space. It is in the middle of an industrial area with some hotels.
Dr. King made it clear the struggle was not against whites, it was about creating a loving and just community, a Beloved community, where everyone is given dignity, equality and love. For Dr. King it was not about an “us” and a “them”, it was about building a community of love and justice for all, here in America and in the world as a whole.
Elves - The hidden World
Even in writing this I feel like I'm getting on to her, but in reality I'm pointing out my own flaws. I feel like I'm going about this all wrong. I feel like I'm a bad "parent". If I'm not ready to take care of someone else's child, how could I ever be a good parent to my own? Maybe I shouldn't have kids. Maybe that's why God hasn't given them to me yet. Because I'm not supposed to have my own. Maybe I haven't shown him yet that I deserve that gift, and now I never will. Because I'm doing so badly with Breanna.
Last week we went to see your ear specialist, but she was running late, so we had a lovely lunch picnic outside in the sun while we waited
Jonsi: I'm not sure yet, but I think we'll want to take some strings with us, especially when we're playing the new album. It will be difficult to translate those songs live without them.
Eve's Christmas ... LMN ... 8 PM
I have two classes-Research & Behavior Theory. I am doing ok in both, but better in the Theory class. I have missed the Research class so many times, and attendance doesn't count towards our grade. I am having a harder time grasping this class and add not going to class for being ill or whatever is not helping. I know this, I really do..and I have a project due that I am supposed to do with a group, some of my friends. I am letting them down as well as myself.I may end up doing a project and presentation by myself, I wouldn't blame them. I don't know if I can do a project on a subject I don't really understand...but I have to try. I don't want to get by I want to do my best...to be proud of myself and for my kids to be proud. I have to finish and do well enough to continue...it is all I really have. Why am I sabotaging myself?I feel like I cannot move, like I am even afraid to try. Procrastination is an understatement! I need to get up tomorrow and overcome whatever is holding me back...do my homework, face up to my group and figure out what I am doing for this project for April 19th. I need to be stubborn and do whatever it takes to get the work done for both classes. Ok...that is my confession for today...hopefully I can move forward and look back at this and know I fixed it!I know my depression is kicking in and physically I have had some stomach issues again as well as headaches. It is all tied to everything....I can't let this be the end of my dream.
Or if you forgo the repentance/apology thing, in a holier-than-thou form of forgiveness, you can then feel cornered into taking up with this person again. A lot of women get pressured into that by some religious outfit that prescribes both forgiveness and submission where husbands are concerned. Religion, and in particular Christianity, has been a formidable enabler of domestic violence because of the way it defines forgiveness.
Halley especially enjoyed seeing the references to her favorite Beatrix Potter book, "The Tale of Two Bad Mice." After it was over she said, "The movie inspired me to paint. That's it, I've made up my mind, I'm going to be an artist." And with that she went to work with her watercolors, even creating a portfolio (as seen in the movie) in which to store her paintings and informing me that her painted clouds were stratus clouds, not cumulonimbus... I struggled to keep a serious, knowing expression.
Yes the goodbye door as always is winning
I am close to a heart attack!!! I call the company and they laugh at me because my beloved oxycon is past his 10th birthday and has 36.782 working hours on his back ( ...no its not all beading hours ;-).... he worked at an hospital first and then at a koi pond, before he came to me in winter 2003...)
The house that you see on top, is the usual house that you will see the workers live in on these ranches.
And yes, at this point, both sandwiches and briefings come in handy. But they must be rightly related to David’s victory. Without it, David’s sandwiches may as well be poison.
The real deal is that world did not deserved a great and noble warrior as karna. His defiance, fight against odds, anger, philanthropy, courage, hunger for knowledge, honorable conduct, devotion to teacher and loyalty towards friend, all are traits for deep admiration. The world never recognized while he was alive his greatness. In corporate world there will be karnas who will keep on doing their duty because it shall be done, even though it means fighting against all odds. In the end they may or may not get RESPECT for their efforts.
Allow for good and loving memories of the holiday season in the hearts and minds of my children.
I don't remember how it ended but it was a pretty sweet dream.
Jeff
strong cup of sky--
Yesterday was weird. I ended up sitting on the roof landing on Mark's balcony with his neighbour in my underpants trying to get a tan. When I was going to go off, I couldn't find my keys and iPod. I'd left them on the table when I took off my pants before I got on the roof. I hunted for them everywhere but couldn't find them. Then Mark made me sit down for awhile and asked me to calm down and browse through his music while he looked for it. At some point I got this bizarre feeling he was playing some kind of weird joke on me, or keep my stuff to get me to come back or something. I can't assume I know what his motives were, or that it wasn't a genuine mistake, but when he found my stuff, it was in a corner of the flat I'd never gone near. I didn't get it at all. He says he was genuinely being muddle headed, but somehow I just don't believe him.
Geneva in Switzerland is worth a visit as many international groups such the United Nations and International Red Cross are located in Geneva. Many tourists head to this skiing destination in winter, when the Swiss Alps are covered with mantles of white snow. You can enjoy living in the ski resorts and skiing on the famous Alps.
The Taxmageddon provisions adding to the cost of government – measured in the days that Americans will spend paying for it – are as follows:
How many minutes of individual attention will they get? Have they been getting?
The last 36 hours have been tough, grueling, as well as full of revelations, as they were back in 2006, when the government armed personnel attempted to take possession of customary and traditional lands along the last 70 miles of the Texas-Mexico border through the use of armed force and intimidation of the elders.
So I had a go at aping the style of a new testament letter to talk about a few things. The thing that I find most unusual about writing in this style is the very assured and direct pedagogical tone. I suppose that Paul, John and Peter are able to talk in this manner because of their position in the church. I.e. church leaders and planters. I have none of that authority and so it feels strange to write in that manner.
- Mary Carolyn Davies
Not a bad read, quite enjoyable, not what I was hoping for though and hoping that No.3 gets back on track.
There are a few things that just annoy me on there.
the year now that we won't
How young is too young for plastic surgery? And do any of the "older" celebrities above look good to you? Discuss. I'd love to hear what you think ; )
Pour into the pan and spread evenly. Bake for 25-30 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean. Allow to cool on a wire rack.
You are going to follow the same steps from the Yarn Ball Hanging Lamp Post, but we will stop at the light kit.
a warning to all, especially women
Reading this anthology was fun! It was like speed dating - spending a few minutes with each story and deciding if you like the storyline, characters, the author's writing style and so forth, then deciding if you'd like to pursue it further. Wait. I've never done the speed dating thing, maybe there's some unpleasantness associated with that. Since it was completely enjoyable, let me find a better analogy. Okay, I've got one! It was like going to Baskin Robbins and trying 16 of their 31 flavors. Yeah, you might like some better than others, but THEY'RE ALL ICE CREAM . . . . . WINNING! Plus, you can have them all in one sitting if you want (why does everything lead to food, with me?).
Perhaps the most vicious use of the “R” word is reserved for those white people who love their own race and presumes to express that love. Let anyone dare claim that white people have the same right as any other to feel proud of our race and our achievements, that our culture is as valuable and as worth preserving as any other culture, and they will surely feel the wrath of the defenders of the multi-coloured flame.
not more than 10 years.
'The rugby players were the worst,' she says. 'But because of feminism, you're expected, as a woman, to keep up with them. The guys set a precedent and you have to follow. That's what drives the whole ladette culture. Women believing they have to be equal in every single way.'
streaming?
March 8 - Mike Starr, heavy metal bassist (Alice in Chains), 44
Then, as a last step, re-assemble your grill and turn its burners to high for 10 minutes. This will burn off excess water in the grill and help to sanitize it.
And now that Gnostic Gospels and other texts have come to light. The Heretics have their say. Now people can choose their truth—a truth that has seeped through the cracks over the years, the truth that was once considered a huge secret. It is now a choice, a personal matter, rather than a political choice. Now wonder if we really wanted to know, if we are really ready for the responsibility.
My cousin Angie was in town visiting over the weekend, and the day she arrived I picked her up from the airport and immediately whisked her off to the Chez Panisse Cafe for lunch. Everything was delicious. And my favorite part, of course, was dessert. We shared a rhubarb tart with strawberry ice cream, and it was such a perfect combination. I often see rhubarb-strawberry combinations in pie form, but I've never thought of having those same flavors in separate components served together.
What was worrying me was that she would often have accidents at preschool. Quite often at naptime she would wake up with wet clothes, something that never happens at home. The school were encouraging her to pee before going down for nap and she always did. Then her teacher noticed that often she wasn't actually even asleep when these accidents happened. This had me a bit flummoxed. Why would a kid who had been potty trained for over a year pee her pants almost every day, specifically at nap time? I was constantly bringing new 'spare clothes' to keep in her cubby at school, Geekygirl obligingly slecting a new cache every Monday morning.
One of the poems that first brought Wilson to my attention was his poem “Dreamboys.” This poem first appeared in the literary magazine Rattle I was truly impressed at the way that he rewrote Theodore Roethke’s "My Papa’s Waltz" with an energy as compressed as Yusef Komunyakaa or Heather McHugh. In the first three tercets of the poem, he manages to reference both the Roethke poem and the musical Dreamgirls, adding an explicit queer matrix to the former through the latter.
Chased down all my demons, I've seen you do the same
This is the last session that I went to on Thursday morning before I gave up and went out to enjoy myself on my last day in Las Vegas. Just in case you are not familiar with the acronym S.T.E.M., this stands for Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math, and it refers to projects that integrate all four of these subject areas into one unit of study. The presenter was Sandi Reyes, who is the head of her New York district’s S.T.E.M. department and does a lot of staff development for them in this area. The best part of the session, I thought, was that Sandi pointed out that S.T.E.M. is what you probably are already doing, because Kindergarten teachers tend to do integrated units anyway. All you have to do is pull it all together and make sure that you include all four elements with the science, technology, engineering, and math. (Remember, for the engineering part, all they really need to do is build something such as a simple machine, so it’s really not as intimidating as it sounds.) And, any time you do an engineering project, the scientific process comes into play because you must experiment with the thing you are building and then test it out.
7) Cirque du Freak: The Vampire's Assistant
Alright, here's another comparison for you guys...
My buddy Joe must have figured out something, but I don't know or at least I don't remember if he ever said anything. Joe gave me the book Victims No Longer. I didn't want to read it at first but I started and that's when I understood that he was a pedophile. I knew the word before then, but I didn't know that's how it was. I thought they only went for kids who were four or five years old. I was sixteen.
The earliest recorded version of the song, by Clarence Ashley in 1933, also has a male protagonist. Georgia Turner’s version is from the female point of view. I’ve always understood her version to be about a girl who ran away with a man, a drunkard who abandoned her. She ended up as a prostitute, in a brothel called The Rising Sun. Other listeners say the woman in the song killed her lover, and that the Rising Sun is a woman’s prison. Dave van Ronk, who first used the arrangement of the song that is most familiar to us today, claimed that the gates of the old Orleans Parish Women’s Prison featured a decoration of a Rising Sun. Hence, the name.
Paper: Olive green, Echo Park DP, PTI vintage cream, Fine Linen, gold
Having to go through all of our stuff and decide what we can rid of before the move.
Once the new rule takes effect, campaign finance advocacy groups like the Center for Responsive Politics should be able to provide much more detailed campaign advertising reports to show how ad money influenced the outcome of elections.
You got sick again this month, but seemed to recover quickly. Daddy went to Chicago for a long weekend, and I was in NYC again for work, so you got some major one on one time.
The winner of the Kindle is Pat Howe.
It was hot in the Czech Republic. Super hot. So we put our kids in a fountain.
My only shelter from the storm
I learned that Sam (author of the letter) is 23 and has left approx 200 letters (not all the same) all over Calgary, Out of the 200, they’ve only gotten about 10 responses. I’ve been bombarding him/her with questions about the letters, why did they send them out, what have the responses been like, what was the inspiration? Below are a few excerpts from the emails sent to me. This person is my hero.
Thoughts anyone????
Literature and Creative Writing at Bath Spa University. She reviews regularly for the London Review of Books and the Guardian and was shortlisted for The Story Award in the US. She has also been a judge for the IMPAC literary prize 2011 and for the BBC Short Story Award 2011. The contemporary novelist has been called one of the most gifted British
5/12/12: Will Ferrell/Usher: I keep thinking that Will Ferrell has only hosted season finales, but he has actually hosted one season finale and one second-to-last episode of the season. So, with this third hosting appearance, it will still be true that he has only hosted the last or the second-to-last episode of the season. Anyway, he is the greatest SNL cast member of all time. ‘Nuff said.
Behind her, Notia said, "What happened? Where'd the Gateway go?" Her tone made it an accusation.
Important: If you want to insert a blinking button, simply go to your template exactly the same way. When the dropdown menu appears, do not look to insert a "picture." Instead, take the html code from the button that you want (you will see it underneath the blinking button on the person's blog) and then insert the code under "HTML." That's it! In other words, you still go to "Add a Gadget," but you don't enter it as a picture. The drop-down menu has an option of inserting an html code for it instead.
Henry smacked me in the teeth with a rock. Chipped my front tooth. Dang.
I seldom buy full CD’s anymore..I mainly buy MP3 downloads from Amazon, eMusic, and (very seldom) iTunes. Most of the time, I do not buy whole albums of MP3′s. I just select the ones that I like after listening to the streaming album on Rhapsody. It saves me money in the long run, and I can avoid skipping song after song while driving!
Preheat oven to 325F
I began designing pieces soon after I began stitching. I started experimenting with stitches and colors, which I continue doing today.
To underline just how gutsy Mr. Obama’s decision had been, a quivering Joe Biden allowed as how he wouldn’t have had the nerve to do it. Apart from Vice President Biden, any one of 300 million Americans would have been glad to give that order.
Trying to lose what you’ve found.
Cut her out and mounted her on two different size
Genderless “Healing Heart,Grounded Mind” To Aid :Heart, Base and Crown Chakra Healing Bracelet Genuine Coral, Hematite and Clear Quartz Genderless “Healing Heart,Grounded Mind” To Aid :Heart, Base and Crown Chakra Healing Bracelet Genuine Coral, Hematite and Clear Quartz
Growing in the garden now, left to right: Dwarf Siberan kale direct seeded last fall (and mostly flowering now), one gorgeous lone dinosaur (lacinato) kale plant direct seeded last fall (and on tonight's dinner menu), and several varieties of Swiss chard (I was using up a bunch of old seed packets) direct seeded in late March. (Swiss chard is wonderful stuff and easy to grow from seed. The white on the kale leaves is food grade diatomaceous earth; you read about the many ways we use this amazing stuff here.)
I know that many people out there are driven by revenge. And I know that adhering to the rule of law and its principles have proved to be a challenge in the case of extremely heinous crimes as killing children at Utoya or kill 3000 people in New York.
We are working hard on developing your language. You know words such as Apple and ball... mommy and daddy. You love to count to the number three always skipping the number one. You love to point to your eyes, nose, head, hair, and ears. Sometimes even pointing to the right one. Your favorite words are Kitty and Bubbles. Even though you have said tons of words your verbal communication is more like gibberish. But we keep working on them.
She's afraid. She's been hurt too many times, lost too many people she loves, and she doesn't want to hurt anymore. She's lost her mother, her father, her best friend, and now Victoria - four people she loved dearly, and she's terrified of losing more. We had a long talk about that today. She feels like she's somehow responsible for all of these deaths. That's a completely irrational thought, and she knows that, but we all know feelings can be irrational sometimes - especially when you're 13 and the world is still a pretty tough place to make sense of. So we sat under the oak tree and talked about everything that's happened. We talked about life, and death, and everything in between. We cried a few tears. We took a long walk along the path that winds through the cemetery, then we sat down under the oak tree again and talked some more. It was the longest and deepest talk we've had in a long time. Everything that's been on her mind poured out like a flood. It was good to finally get her to talk about it.
Christmas Do-Over ... ABC Family ... 9 AM
Pros: Fun, sexual, tall, muscular, not complicated, I feel almost like he’s the boy version of me. Our dates are so much fun and he has a great sense of humour
The ideal candidate for this position should have experience as a blogger, be familiar with journalistic standards and have a passion for building a following through social media. Photoshop and HTML/FBML skills are also a plus.
EastEnders: Joshua Pascoe (Ben Mitchell)
In fact, around 80-90% of all corn and soy grown in the United States is now GMO, thanks to Monsanto. That’s why I love supporting local, small business, artisans, and of course, farmers which are growing crops using seeds from organizations like seed savers.
He didn’t answer directly. He just told me with an enigmatic expression on his face to wait for a moment. Then he slipped out of bed and went into another room. I put out my cigarette in the ashtray beside the bed and a few moments later he returned and stood in front of me beside the bed. Whatever he had in mind was obviously turning him on because his erection had already returned in force.
Wow, while typing the I was just called by an agency following up to a submission that I sent 2 weeks ago, the appointment has been set for next Wednesday, I will have more to Blog about in the next week.
It is true. The best tools writers have for educating themselves in the craft of writing are the writing of others.
the night felt so perfect. Our family, friends, and babies were all there. I remember just stopping and looking around and being so thankful to a) have food b)have friends and c)have all of these things at our house. It was humbling, and i am grateful.
Jazakum Allahu Khairan,
I wasn’t surprised. The woman I had known as “friend” was lonely, unhappy, and looking for love. In her desperation, she didn’t mind betraying our friendship if a relationship with Dave might be a possibility.
548 Fillmore St. between Oak and Fell.
Stir fry the bell pepper and chicken and mushrooms with the minced garlic until cooked. Remember that stir fry requires high heat.
The Meadow Fairy
Founder's Breakfast Stout
I think we can look at the getting people to believe nonsense & lies, aka "suspension of disbelief" like a bubble. When the bubble is whole, everything goes. But if the bubble is popped…? Logic flaws that didn't seem like flaws at all are glaringly obvious, readers go 'wha??', and writer is grasping at straws to explain the deficit of sense made.
Columbia, SC 29205
Apparently Ben should have too. Later on, I saw him wince and asked what was wrong. Jellyfish. Good thing he was an oceanfront lifeguard previously so he knew how to treat it. And good thing I picked up some vinegar on our last grocery trip!
*Please link back to Kitchen Fun With My 3 Sons. Please put a link somewhere on your post or sidebar. You can grab our party button or a text link is fine if that fits better.
"And your chest isn't moving so much now, is it?" She pointed a knitting needle at me. "You really should check the interactions on your drugs, Sarah. Anyway, it doesn't matter now. What's done is done. Read the letter from Grandpa Bill, it explains.. well, some of it."
Women's sanitary items
Amazon.com delivered a new mains charger and battery for my camera today.
-back in the ring Y2J gets a two count before he puts Punk in a rear chin lock.
When I write about you… Well only then could you ever say I was touched by your presence. And for that to happen i’d have to get over myself first.
This is a team built around doing it the right way: outwork your competition, study harder and be smarter. Don't be dirty, don't cheat. Don't say or do stupid things away from the field or on it. Be pleasant to the media: give them your time as well as being available for the fans. And win and lose as a team, not as individuals.
The Kings Mill stairs were renamed the Surrey Dock Stirs from around 1860 onwards.
It is a wise father that knows his own child. - William Shakespeare
Chorus (15)
Mon-Thurs. 9 to 11 am,
Chili sauce - about 1/4 - 1/2 cup
Of course, we guessed wrong. She was selected as a Posse finalist on a Monday and the decision to Posse had to be in by Friday, 5 pm. Talk about stress!
With richly deserved contempt,
Bibliographic data: hardback, xiv + 300 pages. Price: $176. ISBN: 9789041138286. Rupture factor: low-ish. Book's website here.
Good Night Little Town
The story focuses on the strains within a WWII company of US soldiers during the Battle of the Bulge. The company is under the command of Capt. Cooney (Eddie Albert), a privileged man who joined the army to satisfy the wishes of his father. However, Cooney is an undisguised coward whose position only remains tenable due to his friendship with Col. Bartlett (Lee Marvin), the battalion commander. The situation in the company has reached crisis point after Cooney’s inaction has caused the death of a squad of Lt. Costa’s (Jack Palance) men. When orders come through that a small town must be taken and held, Costa delivers an ultimatum to his superior – if he fouls up again then Costa will kill him.
Have a great week.
The good news for brewers is this:
In my last blog post called We happy breed. We who enjoy smoking are on our own! I waxed not so lyrical about the tobacco companies running scared of the display ban and refusing to fight it last Saturday and one of my commentators, sillyusername, pointed out that Norway has had a display ban for the past two years and gave some observations:
Once in a while, if you're lucky, you get to meet someone outside of your normal social sphere; someone who carelessly crushes all the criteria you've formulated for friendship.
1. Lorna’s Voice—This is one place I stop by often while I’m online. She always posts in narrative format, telling great stories that are hilarious and heart wrenching by turns. She’s a great writer and a great reader, too!
Oddly, some of the best shots I got were on one of the most recent trips, to the oppidum of Ensérune, which not only resulted in the blog post that was possibly the most fun to write of all of them this year, but some really nice photos. Part of it was because besides its hilltop location, it was near a weird 13th century engineering project which looks like a UFO landing-site. In the annals of almost-great photos, this circle of light hit the circle in the valley moments before the shutter clicked, but the wind had driven it on by the time the picture got taken. Still a pretty nice shot.
*le gasp* Gibby was the one who ratted on Seddie? I never even saw that coming!
I've stood the easel right back so you can see the sentiment but really it looks better when it stands in front of the sentiment on the lace - oh that lace it gave me such problems this week - made my DT card and completely forgot the lace part of the challenge so this is the second, and completely different card I made - note to self - read the challenge when making a DT card!!
His prompt reply was waiting in our inbox this morning:
USC
Someone who has met Mr. Riddle tells me that he thinks he has one of the best jobs in the judiciary, as his caseload is so interesting and varied. He may be right.
There are even peel-and-stick options available for a super cheap and easy way to go.
And at his elbow, Souter Johnny,
I’ve spent a lot of time over the past year talking to people about limiting beliefs and helping people realize that the beliefs we have really exist only in our own minds. I don’t know anyone else out there that’s telling me that I’m not lovable, I’m a loser, and it’s all my fault. Nope, it’s just me.
Here´s the main part. The deck is one piece, and it has the places where to start gluing everything else.
Update: 5/2/12:
Face life without…
This my friends is why we never seem to get anything accomplished in a timely manner.
Danesbury Hill is lovely to walk along. We saw four different types of butterflies : chalk blue, marbled white, red admiral and an orange one I have yet to identify. There were lots of flowers, including self-heal, clover, yellow vetches, forget-me-nots and some yellow ones which I didn’t know what they were. There were also two ponies grazing the land. I think I saw a medlar tree, but since it’s the first I’ve seen I need to check it in my identification books. Medlars are unique in that the fruits of the tree are only edible when they are rotten.
If you are interested in knowing more...shoot me an email!
Council Member Letitia James was incredibly disappointed to learn that the MTA decided to approve the transit fare increases. The following is the testimony the Council Member presented at the MTA Public Hearing on September 21, 2010.
Kylie is 2 months old! I love that little girl to death, but I'll be honest: I'm ready for her to grow up a little faster. I have loved every second of the toddler stage with Cameron, and I can't wait until I can hold cute little conversations with her. I can't stop kissing those cheeks.
4. We display great endurance, patience and joyful thanksgiving to God
Over one month since I started taking Baclofen. The best month of my life, absolutely. One full of changes that I never, ever, would have believed possible before I started taking the drug.
I decided to add a little bit of gold glitter to the flowers and the designer paper. The fence on the bottom was punched out with a Martha Stewart punch.
Be Blessed!
And down to the lake
Clive: ‘I can’t say for sure that this is definite yet… but plans are being made, and April next year is being left open for a while. I really hope it does happen, because I’d love to get back to South America soon!’
North Kaibab
The petrol station can tell you everything you need to know about modern life; everyone except for me (and a small handful of others), is a moron. Waiting for a pump to become available is positively painful and I have no idea, apart from my the world is full of idiots theory, why this should be.
“I’ve got something but I think it may be a little melodramatic.” I looked at him and for the first time since I came to him, his eyes met mine.
The Postmistress by Sarah Blake (TLC Tours)
*Even though you and Harriet don't get along all the time, I love that you have taken a genuine interest in her and that you have tried to be a good big sister to her this year, that you look out for her, help her, are kind to her, sit with her on the bus, and support her in the things she likes to do.
and we were ten years
From the back cover:
I fully expect more hard times on the hardwood. I hope for the best, but you have to be realistic. After all, it’s a small military school with no hoops tradition whatsoever. If Charlie Brown were to have a favorite college basketball program, this would be it.
I’d say I do not recommend this for children. I recommend this only for teens and young adults, since this is somewhat milder than the gore classic Kill Bill. Rating: 5-star.
In a large bowl, add the cooled roasted cauliflower, and all the other ingredients.
Thunderstorm inside your heart
Ty’s head nodded up and down, up and down, his eyes fixated on beer and. He sat straight up. “And that’s another thing; Oprah. She’s got so much control and say over this entire universe. When she says it’s a classic, the entire female population goes out and buys this stupid book and it becomes—boom—a classic. Why can’t she stand up and say that “nigger” doesn’t have a place in classics. People would listen to her. I bet you she can’t even fucking read, that’s why.”
Save $1.00 when you buy ONE any Frozen Pillsbury Egg ScramblesTM OR Grands! Biscuit Sandwiches.
Little A turned two recently, so this was her first cheese-filled burger. What?! you say: you guys haven't gone to Matt's for two years. Oh, no, my friends, of course we have. But A had been filling up on fries and grilled cheese over our most recent visits. We finally realized that she was ready. Why the long wait? Did we think that a Jucy Lucy was over-processed, greasy, fat-laden fare not fit for a baby? Hardly. We just knew that she wasn't developmentally ready to: FEAR the cheese. Now that she's reached that milestone, it's Jucy Lucy's all around.
OK, I'm instantly sorry I shared that with everyone.
He suggests the reason may be a combination of several factors based on the erosion in social and civic engagement — coupled with economic insecurity.
Light coloured denim and white T-shirts.
Murdoch sold at the highest point of Newscorp share values this year, and according to the record books this is the biggest non-deal connected sale he has ever undertaken. He was out to raise the maximum in cash. Why?
so I added ‘tropical hardwood’… mmmmm!
Shadows in Flight is the newest entry in the Ender universe. Ender's old friend Bean nears an untimely death from the runaway growth that is a side effect of the genetic manipulation that made him so brilliant. He has traveled on a near-lightspeed spaceship with his three children who share his condition, in hopes that a cure would be found on Earth in their absence, but to no avail. The first 50 pages focused on the terrible stress on their family from the disappointment and isolation. The next 50 pages turn outward, as they spot a huge spacecraft which they believe to be a slow Formic ship, a bugger hive sent into deep space before the war between Formics and humans. They stop to investigate.
WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!
Over the six days, I spent a lot of time reading and relaxing, but also made time to go for a few runs and long walks. We also made time to get out on the ocean for a sunrise whale watch and snorkel trip to molokini crater. Coming home with a bit of a golden glow, never hurts either.
The richest man on the ship, millionaire John Jacob Astor IV (founder of New York’s Waldorf Astoria hotel) went to the same watery grave as the poorest peasant family who had hoped to start a new life in America. As women and children were being loaded onto the few lifeboats first, Astor had asked if he could accompany his 19-year-old new wife Madeleine because she was pregnant and would particularly need care, but he was denied. He was reported by survivors to have calmly stepped back, tossed his gloves to his wife in the boat, lit a cigarette, and watched as she disappeared into the night. Less than two hours later, he was dead. All his millions could not save him.
And the preference for "the devil they know" has led to conservatives being caricaturized as wanting NO change when in fact all that they insist on is CAREFUL change. From Cromwell on, conservatives have never been characterized by a rejection of change for its own sake. When a regime is clearly oppressive or an experiment has clearly failed (such as State ownership of industry) conservatives find no difficulty in abandoning it and changing to something else.
I don’t know about you, but I’ve met a few people who are not with me, but they’re still shining for me. They’re there, even though I cannot see them.
Our friends at Castor + Pollux, Brighton have just announced the first UK exhibition of American illustrator Charley Harper's outstanding work. To say we're excited is an understatement!
So back to the point of my story. Sorry I get side-tracked very easily. I was talking to this guy on the phone earlier this morning that works for Monster...you know the job posting website. We basically have a contract with them that they will run our job posting ad for the next year but when I got our invoice in the mail we were charged tax. We have forms in order to be tax free so we had to chat about this.
“But his death will weigh heavily on colleagues working in Pakistan and colleagues working in headquarters who ultimately make the decisions about who goes where and who does what.”
And it makes him ill.
Special Agent Emily Dahill, Dakota along with her team of technicians are sent to Master Sergeant Annabelle Carlyle’s Victorian style house for what they think is a simple break-in. What they find however, turns out to be even more ominous and far reaching.
When we got here, we listened to our friends and family and tried to put Princess Belle in Public school. There are not that many children around here, it is a much smaller school and they seemed willing to work with us to make it easier for her. But truthfully it has been a disaster of monstrous proportions. It has broken my heart to see just how hard it has been for her. Every day, she is getting notes about how "defiant and disruptive" she has been. On two separate occasions, she has ended up under furniture, crying and screaming hysterically, trying to hide and wanting to be left alone. I knew this was NOT normal behavior for any 8 year old child. And I knew that she had to be under extreme stress to be acting this way. We have decided to try to get her through the remainder of the year but we will be returning to homeschooling starting in September. We finally got our ADOS test which tests where children are on the Autism Spectrum Scale. An average child would get a score of about 0 or 1 and a child with an extreme case of Autism would get a 22. Princess Belle got a 10, which puts her smack dab where a child with Aspergers would be. They said that they also feel she was ADHD but wanted to primarily work with the Aspergers at this point. I am glad to have a diagnosis so that we can work with her. She is my special girl, and I am sad that life can't be easy for her, but I want to do what I can to make it easier for her. Homeschooling will help with that. I wanted her to get socialization, but all she is learning right now is that she is "a bad girl and she is weird". (It is heartbreaking, but those are her words.) I don't want her to go through her school years feeling that was. I want her to know how special and smart she really is. The Pediatric Development Specialist said that she agrees with our decision to homeschool and that the majority of patients she has with this condition are homeschooled.
The Last Unicorn – Beagle
I say, to myself or to those around me, as I grab for my third brownie, I am a food addict. As in, it’s ok that I am eating this brownie because as a food addict, I can’t control myself. You shouldn’t judge me because this is a disease that I can’t control.
So the question is, if you are sending a million notices and I am deleting them all, are you really getting your message out there?
A few fun and interesting facts about Krakow, Poland:
This is Part 26 in a 32 part instalment thanks to an email I found when cleaning up my work emails.
My approach to design is not a calculated one, it comes from pure instinct. Indeed, my training was in finance, I cannot draw, sketch, nor use CAD... but I have an innate sense for form, color, proportions, texture, and space.
Flush With Fear (dir. Christopher G. Moore) - This was a fun short following a woman escaping her breaking down relationship with a good cry in the bathroom. In the bathroom, she unfortunately makes the mistake of reading some of the graffiti-that-should-not-be-read on the stall walls. Fortunately for us, Moore and company gave us some great visuals and scare moments as a result of that damned graffiti.
2 tbsp yogurt-mint dip(2 tsp coriander, 1 tsp mint leaves,1/2 tsp lemon juice,1 green chilli,salt...blend it with little water and then mix with yogurt)
That means there is nothing at all to say that smoking causes cot death except for a belief that it does.
one case the face was mashed in and the skull contained
As for the design, I used black fabric paint to post a line from one of the character's of the Hollows series, "For the love of Tink!" on it and then painted tiny foot prints since the character is a pixie.
Watching the shopping trolleys bob on the water alongside discarded tyres and sandals.
If you think things are back to normal in Zimbabwe, just walk into a bank. Its something I haven't done for many months and flipping through my last cheque book reminded me of the mayhem of our banks less than a year ago. My cheque stubbs look like something from a crazy kindergarten. There's a payment for a telephone bill of four hundred million dollars, another to a dentist for forty one billion dollars. There's a deposit of four trillion, six hundred billion dollars and another page showing a balance on hand of fourteen trillion dollars. One page is slashed through in red ink with the words : "NB: Aug 08: 10 zeroes removed by Gono." And then, in October 2008, also in red ink on a cheque stubb are the words: "Can't get in bank, queues of thousands."
It's OK that Pizza Hut won't deliver the $10 box to me because my lovely boyfriend offered to go pick it up for me!
I don’t know how to explain it except to say that I am constantly evaluating, analyzing, attempting to know, and hence, to control. I can’t shut it off. I don’t know how to be if I’m not right or wrong, if there’s not some sort of justification for my decisions, actions, for my very being, or conversely, if there’s something measurable that I may correct to become “right.”
with it's t-shirt shops and candy stores.
They abandoned the God who made them and rejected the Rock their Savior. Deuteronomy 32:15
We've had many fabulous sponsors along the way, and we know we couldn't have done it without them too. We invited them to join in our celebration and they have generously offered amazing prizes for our blog hop and challenge winners!!
I hope you've enjoyed these words of wisdom. Happy Thursday!
“Ouch, you bit me hard”, she said pushing him aside, as he exhibited his evil grin.
the notes of a night song
“Maybe lend,” I cautioned after my two-second brainfart. He then stared at me quizzically. “I can give her a call and see if she can give me some money?” I suggested, hopefully.
I will still share with you all my Kaisercraft deigns, all of which can be purchased through me
You should be careful
You will quickly fade!
There is an unending list of what we have lost and what we have gained.
Anyway, being at home meant I got to spend time with you and take photos. One of my favourite photos are your ‘stoned’ or ‘drunk from milk’ look. ‘The Mother’ thinks it is mean, but I just can’t help myself, please forgive me, you are just TOO CUTE for words. Here’s one photo that i absolutely adore!
For all my spreaker fans, I will be recording a new episode probably on Thursday, the bronchitis has kicked me in the butt, and the allergies are not doing that great as well.
This book was provided to me by the author for review with the understanding that would have no bearing on the content of the review.
And of course full of granny goodness...
There will be a quiz on Wednesday.
It was a lovely wedding. The wedding itself was held at the bride and groom's church...a beautiful venue, beautiful saints...but I gotta say...
The winning entrant will win all trhe cute clothes in their styleboards and the socks off our site that go with them. Here are just a few examples of the wonderful outfits they came up with:
Our Sepia Saturday theme this week is scouts but the ever-kind Sepia Saturday administrator has allowed us to widen the theme to incorporate other youth groups. This allows me to feature this 1924 photograph of the 9th Company, Bradford Battalion of the Boys Brigade. The Boys Brigade (BB) was - and indeed still is - an interdenominational Christian youth organisation which has a history that goes back further than the more widely known Boy Scout movement.
Here is what I got. My friend Nicole's favorite mascara, Becky's gift of 2 journals, her favorite pen & some of her husband's home roasted coffee. Score!!
The batter is thick, and the pancakes will puff up pretty high. I carefully watched the griddle, so that it was about medium hot, and let these cook until I see bubbles forming. The batter is thick, so it took a good 2 minutes, before flipping them.
They all looked at me saying yes, yes, please come. But first, answer one question. The words weren’t even out of their mouth…
the pain shouts but then subsides
Whilst reading, I came across a little snippet that made me grin. The essay is about the relationship between humans and other animals, and the particular issue being focused on in the book I was reading was the way in which, in Western society, we’re fine with eating pigs and cows and chickens that are basically raised in boxes and forced to live short, miserable and unnatural lives, whilst we pamper and spoil our house pets and would be shocked and appalled if anyone suggested cooking up Fido/Cap’n Whiskers (definitely want a cat with that name, now) in a casserole. Pearls of wisdom from James Serpell (1996; 18-19):
What I feed. Spring is a leg
*Must follow this weeks theme
We're probably quite late getting going with these and the tomatoes, peppers, chillis, sweetcorn, courgettes and salad leaves compared to some people, but we've found that if we plant things out too soon they get checked, and if they're kept in the greenhouse too long they get leggy and spindly.
For all of the technology that the MTV generations has given us, it's come at a price that is to distracting to be seen.
On down to the graveyard, where it’s cold and grey
yes, it's a small gesture, a symbolic act, but maybe, just maybe all of our small gestures, our symbolic acts will highlight how many people want a better quality of life for everyone.
Cat: You’re not worthy of receiving a visit from me at this point in the evening. I have other business to attend to.
Today I woke up early because I had things to worry about. Instead, rain broke open the sky and I opened my sliding glass door to listen to it. I saw three primitive wise men walking up my road, nodding to me as they passed. I took it all in like water, and watched as this day’s light, gently and under cloud cover, showed me as much as I could bear to see.
Tea - Cheese, potatoe and oatmeal vege pie with salad. Tim took one look at this and announced that he needed something with it....! Urrr there's a war on you know!!! He hooked a mariners pie from the freezer - this is only day one!
what means a year of Life, ask a student, who failed his final exam
They created the Land of Fiction as a diversion but grew bored and abandoned it.
And as he heard these words, Ananias fell down and breathed his last; and great fear came over all who heard of it.
* The specification stated that, in a "final process step" the coating was fused to the board by further heating. Accordingly it was not until that step, which consisted only of further heating, that the coating was fused to the board. Having regard to the way in which the process was described in the specification, the skilled reader would conclude that the fusion took place by the action of heat alone. Thus Mann J was right on that point too.
I think of the house on the hill as my personal paradise and was perfectly happy without electric and water to the house as Dod is parked right down the hill. With Francisco's help we are adding water and electric service to the house.
boyfriend kept sending messages urging me to reconcile with her, but I
But I guess in the end, everyone’s perceptions are valid. We each have our own experiences that form them. This guy loves New York’s opportunity for all, delivery services and taxi overload. But when it comes to the city’s energy and the people who create that energy, he says: “Some do overshoot: in the drive to become the ultimate New Yorker, many overdress to overkill, get high, become pathologically hyperactive, play a role and make the city somewhat unbearable.”
BubTar started tennis lessons this month. The school district offers a program where elementary kids go to the local high schools and learn a little tennis from the coaches and students, probably with the hope they will want to join the program when they get to high school. Oliver! was at this campus and BubTar's student instructor was in the play with him AND remembered him. He loved that. He isn't a very sporty kid, but so far, he likes tennis.
Love needs to be fed. Nurtured. Nourished. It needs to be deeply felt.
Then came the nasty part -- killing and gutting them. We decided that killing them by freezing them was the most humane, so we added ice to the water they were in. I watched a couple of videos on youtube showing how to clean fish and then we spread a plastic cloth on the tailgate of the pickup truck and started in. As a former biology major, I started the dissection. After the first fish, I wasn't grossed out but it was hard and messy work. Fortunately, I didn't take any pictures. Jay and Kathryn pitched in and eventually we got them all cleaned.
2) Add more colour with wall stickers. They’re a great way to inject colour without overdoing it, plus they’re removable… in case she changes her mind/brings her boyfriend back from university 7 years later.
“Not many should become teachers, my brothers, knowing that we will receive a stricter judgement”
If anything, the digital technology which has lead to the growth of self/subsidy publishing--print-on-demand (POD)--has now been utilised by some traditional publishers to revitalise their back catalogue of books which did not warrant a large offset print run. Many publishers still remain lacklustre in embracing new online marketing ideas, electronic formats via e-readers, e-books and the use of blogsites and writer forums. Publishers have spent more than a century viewing the physical format of a book as sacred.
Right, and now I suppose I’d better go and get that damned Christmas tree up.
Cellists are often irksome to non-cellists. It’s not their instrument that’s bad; it’s their cockiness about the instrument, their disregard for the needs of other string players. Their Subaru Outbacks become the targets for many angry looks as they putter around whistling Lalo or Popper etudes. The younger members of this clan are even more exasperating. Here are some easy things to do to annoy a young cellist.
The attack, which took place Friday night, was first revealed by the governor of Helmand Province, Muhammad Gulab Mangal, on Monday. His spokesman, Dawoud Ahmadi, said that after an investigation they had determined that a family home in the Sangin district had been attacked by mistake in the American airstrike, which was called in to respond to a Taliban attack.
Blend the flour/spice mixture into the molasses mixture.
I think it was always planned to spend the graduation here. Burning the midnight oil and taking copious amounts of LSD.
Rioting also flared up near Qalandiya and Hebron, where mobs stoned Israeli security forces, burned tires and blocked roads.
I’m preaching to myself here: I have neglected a few things in my life but the time has come to stop meditating on the past and to focus on today with a vision for the feature.
To teach self-healing techniques through the use of the traditional healing points of acupuncture.
Lotus has already revealed the nature of the vehicle to be a closed-cockpit coupe, built to 2011 ACO LMP2 specification. Initial plans indicate the car will make its competitive debut next year, with an all-out attack on the 24 Hour planned for 2012.
The personal responsibility to help yourself and others or the letting someone else do it for you?
So among my loot I left with one of the raincoats, in a teal colour and with a fantastic whale print lining and a great little tank top from Goodwill in pastel pink (not a colour I usually wear) with black piped seams around the neck and shoulders. Which is pretty perfect because I've been thinking lots about Diner waitresses and 1950s blouses with black piping over the past few days.
129. “You are today where your thoughts have brought you; you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you.” – James Allen
At number 4 is unsurprisingly Kate Middleton. There is no denying that she has been a serious boon for the British economy, mixing high street with designer and being the cause of a number of brands having incredible sales increases. While her wardrobe is obviously constrained by propriety she does always look great.
I hope, in 5 years, that I'm doing well enough online that I can completely forego local shows except one or two for market research. Given the incredible sales increase I've seen in the past 6-8 months, the sky is the limit. My dream is to open another B&M but one supporting other handmade biz, too. Not just mine. So far, that is still a dream.
- the ability to bend over
My mother-in-law typically makes these kinds of dhal with greens or vegetables almost every week for breakfast. Our favorites are the ones with greens or ridge gourd and she serves this as a side dish for idlis and dosas rather than rice. These kinds of dhals go well with rice and chapathis too. Her preparation is also a very simple one, kind of one-pot dish using a pressure pan. Dhal with banana blossoms was very new and interesting to me, so I decided to take a couple of quick pictures just before we had our breakfast. These shots were taken at the table with my baby girl sitting on a feeding chair from across the table and looking intently to see what was I doing and taking a peep at the dishes and plates on the table.
Cybill Shepherd, at the time, was a successful film actress, having appeared in films such as “The Last Picture Show“, “The Heartbreak Kid“, and “Taxi Driver“.
In Iraq, In Afghanistan, In Gaza, and now in Libya. Like 57 trillion cells that make up this body/mind in the dream, are connected to every other 57 trillion cells that make up other body/minds. All one cell in humanity - human unity.
So, you feel not only rejected but you feel in a way, crashed. You feel like your self esteem is down. This happens to everybody, because if every single relationship worked out every time, every person that you like, like you back, what are chances to that, not very good. So here’s what you need to do:
Which brings me to the question I get asked every night:
"Kawasaki 1982 Whisky Live Tokyo 2011 Single Grain Sherry Butt. 65.5 per cent alcohol.
The OneCry Prayer Summit will be a live, participatory radio event starting on the National Day of Prayer and continuing throughout the month of May. The focus will be on prayer for revival and spiritual awakening within the North American church and weaving Scripture, meditations, worship, and reflections throughout. Listeners will be able to engage and participate through live chatting and social media.
Deschutes Obsidian Stout
So I obviously have lots of spare time on my hands considering there is a huge lack of activity taking place at the moment. In that time I love to listen to music and I’m a massive fan of the late Jeff Buckley, I’ll apologise now to those of you who think I go on about him a little too much but after all he is my muse. I do have a broader range of interest when it comes to music, my favourite artists include, Fleetwood Mac, Tom Petty, The Cure, Talking Heads, Ryan Adams, Counting Crows, Joni Mitchell, Nick Drake and more recently Passion Pit, Foster the People, Group Love and much more. I tend to listen to an album a day, usually late afternoon after I’ve taken the dog out, I’ll go for a lie down to get some pain relief and try to fill my mind with positive thoughts.
as I've been laid up in my bed since Monday! with some rather nasty germs
Of course Yuno’s fixation with Yukiteru shouldn’t gel with the stated goal of the survival game – one of them MUST die for the game to end, and with Deus’ slow degradation (his motive for starting the game anyway, to prevent the world’s end) there can’t be a stalemate. Yuno decides that she will do her best to protect Yukiteru until the end, so that he can become god – the combined power of his and her diaries means that nothing can happen to Yukiteru that they can’t foresee. And this is shown in the very first episode, where together they take down Third who is also a notorious serial killer in the area and also their high-school teacher!
My skin has never looked better and i cant believe how fast i have gone from spotty to glowy with just two products. If you missed my skincare post its here .
This is the first time the charity has released its internal data on its youth programs. Officials said the report is meant to show the need for continued public support for children’s programs. The Alexandria, Va.-based Salvation Army ranks as the nation’s second-largest charity by contributions after the United Way.
I got a Nikon camera
After nearly a year and a half of attending RCIA classes I am excited at the approach of the Lenten season and Easter. At which point I will be baptized, take first communion and officially become Catholic. The Baptismal font at our church is sunken down a few steps and large enough for an adult to kneel in why the priest pours water over their head. Since no baptismal are done during lent it is very likely that I will be the next person to be baptized.
Am I alone in thinking that we are losing something with all the super techno gadgets? When kids at the library say the Encyclopedia is for big words or to add wiki after you google a topic, I can't help but wonder if the internet is not the answer to everything. Also, if there's no child left behind, why does it seem like the upcoming generation is as smart as a box of rocks? Yes there are exceptions, but they seem to be anomalies rather than the norm.
Ah... I think it's a shared human experience, isn't it?
Our theme today is the canine. These sweet doggies were at the Butte Humane Society in Chico, CA when I visited last month. There were lots of folks there wanting to adopt, so I'm hopeful the dogs have been -or will soon be- moved to loving homes. (I was just dropping by and taking advantage of photo opps, not looking to adopt. I was tempted, though, and bet you are too. Am I right?)
Some real life teachers might take a lesson from that.
8) knit 3, knit 2 together, around
Golia's response to these complaints was blunt, solid, and memorable. Basically, to paraphrase, he said for these people to stop complaining -- great artists make great art, he said, whether they have one square foot and three dollars or 20,000 square foot and a million. It is not the conditions stacked against these artists that made them mediocre, they were mediocre by essence.
So there we go. Look, listen, learn and share, and keep on sharing. Life's too short to be selfish, life is for living with other people around us, to make the world a better place for all. Have a great day, keep well...
The findings suggest that Japan's many language variants -- and by extension much of its culture -- did not emerge, as widely believed by many Japanese, primarily from indigenous hunter-gatherers already present on the archipelago for millennia.
In order to prevent injury I suggest that you walk with one hand out to prevent you from walking into things. Having said that take care not to put your hand on the hob, it will burn and it will hurt.
Grated cheese- 1/2 cup (I used a mix of sharp Cheddar, Gouda and Emmental)
God eternally glorified throughout all the ages.
TeAL stands for Transforming E-Assessment for Learning
Connor says the number 23 is evil.
I found out some of these re-enactors travel all over the state and beyond participating in Civil War events with their "authentic" replica uniforms, equipment and rifles. I don't think there's a union, but there probably is some sort of organization you can contact if you're interested in participating. They did mention they are always looking for Union soldiers since no one wants to be one. Funny thing...no matter how many times they re-enact the war, the outcome is still the same.
Also notable on the trip was the lack of bars across the chair lifts.
On Friday, April 20th, a late afternoon party was hosted by the San Francisco Bay Guardian in honor of "420" which has become an increasingly universal code for marijuana. The slang dates from the early 1970s when a half-dozen stoners at San Rafael High School met at the Louis Pasteur statue at 4:20 after school and athletic practice before going on goofball adventures, usually involving pot. (Click here for an amusing article, "Sparking a Tradition," from the Boulder Weekly.)
I dig around in the stash of paint sample cards pretty often, making little love notes for the kidlets’ lunches and that sort of thing.
Yes, presentation is important to me but not as important as food safety.
10. I collect blue Ball jars. My most prized one (yes really) came from my husband's aunt. It was her mother's and it still has the vintage seal around the top. When I asked her why they stopped making them with the zinc top, she replied, "Um, World War 2 ended?" and laughed. I love her!
It makes me think a lot about modelling the right things for him, and what exactly I want that to be.
whacked me with snowballs;
The thought of the increased intensity level I know I need to work at to get to my goal!! Also the thought of my wedding part way through this round, and being out of my normal routine for about a week!! Will be doing lots of planning for that soon though to ensure I stay right on track!
Well it rained all day on Sunday. So nice to sleep late and snuggle. When it comes to Monday, ack, what a chore to wake up. A chance to wear thick clothing, even wore my winter jacket to work.
But I was able to use turmeric in a few of my most recent facials and have been truly pleased with the results.
Flour.
“Throughout Proton’s almost 3 decades of operation, humans have called the shots,” Khamil continued. “And as the company enters a crucial chapter, where the stakes are higher and global competition is getting stiff, we cannot afford to risk human error. Inspira here will be able to make logical, objective and heartless decisions that would benefit the company and the cars it produces, free from emotions or political pressure,” said Khamil, as the new CEO scanned the faces of all the journalists in the conference hall, the supercomputer under the hood buzzing menacingly. “This is a car business, and it’s best to leave the hard decisions to those in the business.”
And really, really creepy.
Trending: Upward Fast.
He said the report would be made public when it was completed and he would personally meet with Teoh’s family to explain to them the findings.
Onion - 1 large chopped finely
Stay present in the present
Boxing Day brings illness to the Bean household.
That's how this week has been for us. That plane hitting the tarmac at midnight tonight can not come soon enough.
Disdain for the law
In most cases, you won't have to really do anything except decide what you want at your party (food, party favors, balloons, etc). In my case, I wanted to make the cake myself and bring ice cream and a few extras to add to the party favors.
Hello everyone - long time no talk! It's time for some crafting, during the March crafting madness month! The Designer Crafts Connection Blog hop is all about March Craft Month - so there are some awesome things to check out...and some giveaways too! Please be sure to click through everyone to find your pot of gold!
The Syrup catalogue is consistently and unfailingly enchanting. Their beautiful pictures always inspire me to live a slightly sweeter life. The three concepts shaping the Syrup Spring 2010 collection are not only charming but also strike a chord in the hearts of mori girls. I have no doubt that the clothes are but a fraction of Syrup's charm.
Festival location: Slottskogen (Linnéplatsen / Majorna )
The most blatant examples of client-sponsored Corporate Cultural Collusion involve account assignments. In the past months, multimillion-dollar brands like Chevrolet, Cadillac, Uncle Ben’s and IHOP have been handed to White agencies without a formal review. It’s the buddy system at its finest—and an opportunity to test the Rooney Rule.
- Ah hove san many a few palls keelt in a math-lob act-splosion! – Went Party Time, lamentingly.
Asters
Laszlo Moholy-Nagy (2 photomontages, 1925)
THE OBAMIANS is the definitive analysis of the events, ideas, personalities, and conflicts that have defined Obama’s foreign policy.
Imagine: a small, fairly non-descript Belgian market town – altho’ its actually a city (being proclaimed such in 1068).
But have you thought about how the SOPA legislation might affect you as a writer? Until a few days ago, I hadn't thought about it, either.
Have you been wondering how i came up with the name "Olive Roses"? Well i've named it after both of my gorgeous children - they are the centre of most of my scrapbooking these days, so it seemed only natural!!! My son's middle name is Oliver and my daughter's middle name is Rosalie, so Olive Roses was created!!
party on the eve of the music
Your face, half-smiling, seemed at rest.
Thus, my dear, unless I am sure that there is someone who loves you more than I do, I could not pick that flower yet, and die."
Why am I not happy?
I find that our French friends have no axe to grind, they accept us as we are and, it seems, that our very reliable English friends out here are the ones that have only had one marriage partner (usually of many, many years). Now I am not being ‘marriage-ist’ but it seems that those who have had multiple marriages/partners seem to be the ones that are ‘not on the level’, are up for gossip, and putting down and ‘gossiping’ about their ‘friends’. My experience shows that those who have just have had one marriage are the truest friends (there are, though, exceptions to the rule as in most things – and you know who you are!).
as only you can
I started jotting down the different activities we have going on this week, and after composing my list I can see why so little reading is getting done. There is a lot of running around to get people to soccer practices and games and softball practice. Add in gymnastics, piano lessons, a dental appointment for me, an early morning breakfast meeting for me along with an after school meeting, this week ahead is already making me tired.
Pulling the book off of the shelf, a couple of photos and postcards flutter to the floor. The masking tape holding the mementos in place is starting to crumble and the picture of me sitting on a burro in Spain is mingled amongst the snapshots of our cheap hotel (and all of our hotels were cheap!) in Amsterdam. Flipping through the Paris pages, I see that they are largely intact, unlike Jim's grave. And there it is - the photo of the white marble bust with offerings of red roses and white chrysanthemums. The headstone and the flowers are wet, so my memories of trekking to Pere Lachaise in the cold rain weren't wrong. Further evidence of the cool temperatures can be found in a photo of me strolling through the Tuileries Garden while wearing the wool jacket that I had to use some of my meagre savings to buy in Norway. Travelling from Memphis, Tennessee, I had no idea that Europe wouldn't be hot and humid in June and July.
The disadvantage PR is facing is the electorate is unwilling to cut PR some slack. Whenever PR is seen to be inefficient, the Malaysian voters are quick to find fault with PR and will revert to the thinking PR is not much different from BN. This is a fallacy as BN is not only seen to be corrupt but corrupted to the core.
Oh, but pretty soon, these kids will catch on that in Sunday School, pretty much the answer is always Jesus. Ollie is starting to get it. Last week, he was playing with an airplane Michael and I got him after returning from our trip to England, when I asked him where he got the airplane.
Now you need to add in your next image. To do this go the the "layers"tab and drop down to "import from file". Find the image you want to layer up when the files window opens and open it up. The new image probably won't be in the right spot so drag it where you want it to be.
Work quickly now because agar-agar sets fast, even at room temperature. Use a teaspoon to gently dollop the coloured agar mixes onto the clear agar sitting in the mold. If the clear agar isn’t cool enough, the coloured mix might spread too much. We are aiming for the coloured mix to stay droplet like suspended in the clear layer.
A self-ordained professor’s tongue
Earlier that week I declared to my obstetrician: “The baby is going to arrive early, and it’s going to snow.” She smiled the same smile she gave me when I suggested a drug-free delivery.
One home cooked meal this week and that's because we are pretty much quarantined upstairs. All the carpet is gone downstairs and it is quite dusty, so the kitchen is only in use for quick things.
At no point did the novel grip me and make me want to stay up and read it.
Anyway, I made a layout of me last Saturday. After a while, I felt my skill has become rusty. Without further ado, here is the layout "I promise 2012 is going to be my artsy-craftsy year" ;)
It was unusual, to say the least, with seemingly contradictory elements on paper complementing each other in practise.
Method Four – Market Salaries
Hand-clap games
Interestingly, this face-saving explanation of racial asymmetry, which I will call the “Face-Saving Racial Myth,” has now become the dominant racial narrative across the entire mainsteam media and most of the political spectrum, not because it is true. Indeed, everybody secretly knows it is untrue in the same way that everybody secretly gives their kids exactly the same kind of advice that John Derbyshire said he gave his. No, this Fairy Godmother explanation of racial asymmetry is favoured simply for reasons of short-term political and economic expediency because America is a political entity and collection of economic entities that all run on short-term political and economic expediency.
Having a properly installed Ceiling Fan is important – for functionality and for safety reasons. To ensure the safety of your home against short circuits, arc faults and other potential fire hazards, you should always hire a licensed electrician to install your Ceiling Fans.
Oh, that prissy nudge, as if being Lesbian is at once something remarkable, shocking and unnameable, only fit for a sly allusion- but an allusion which no-one will miss. I hate this novel, and this character sometimes. The steady contempt for the Blochs’ Jewishness. I want, in a novel, to have some sympathy, some respect. The elder Marcel is more unsparing of his younger self than of anyone else, and generalises from himself:
'Why does it all come down to the chase?'
The sample diet I am providing is one I created for my 2 year old, this doesn't include the milk she drinks, sauces, condiments etc, it is just an idea of how to rotate and some options that are out there.
Please can you pass this message onto anyone not on e-mail.
“We appeal to the international community, human rights organisations, United Nations and civilised nations to take notice of such barbaric acts of Pakistani forces against Baloch people and play their important role to put an end to the ongoing full-fledged genocide of Baloch nation by Pakistani forces,” the PR concluded.
God only wants intimacy with us, yet we are often too preoccupied with the desires of our hearts, whether they are godly or not, and it steals away the abundance of His presence.
It was a nice bit of irony, actually. One of my few material possessions of value, my violin, left my possession the same week everything of value from my former life got auctioned off to the highest bidder. And I didn’t even plan it that way.
Never go South of the River.
145 Seventh Ave South at Charles Street
Practically speaking, the lot wasn’t all that great. In the full foliage of summer, the highway noise emanating from the junction of interstates 35 and 635 was a bit muted and the bright lights of the public storage facility behind the lot were shaded from view. In the winter, not so much.
6 capable
I've never done this before, so, we'll give it a try. I'm linking up...
Via Washington post
Not necessarily so much that I need to, but these are the names of people that deserve my love.
The entire song is quite good, with numerous great lines.
No, seriously. That’s what happens. I kid you not. The guy even screams “I’LL BUY MORE!!!” before the dog rips out his throat…am I on Earth? Tell me. Did I just get transported to some bizarre-world other dimension where nothing makes any kind of logical sense?
This is a way to keep supporters to get contact with other parties, thus the chance of shifting of support can be avoided.
…Media propaganda has laid the ground for what may well be Obama’s next war. On December 14, researchers at the University of West England published first findings of a 10-year study of the BBC’s reporting of Venezuela. Of 304 BBC reports, only three mentioned any of the historic reforms of the Chávez government, while the majority denigrated Chávez’s extraordinary democratic record, at one point comparing him to Hitler.
I don't get to dress in the way I would normally dress in the UK
After catching a glimpse of a modern cartoon it reminded of my childhood in the 90s and all the great cartoons there was on tv for example Hey Arnold! and Doug. This made me want to put my thinking hat on and do some Internet searching on 90s cartoons. During this Internet search I found some cartoons I’d never even heard but then I would come across gems like; Jonny Bravo, Cow & chicken, and The Ren & Stimpy Show.
And where did she store it? Guess.
1. Of or for charity; charitable; as, "an eleemosynary institution."
The Count of Monte Cristo (Jim Caveziel)
The centerpiece of our Easter Feast, a German Apple Pancake. A fantastically heart and soul warming ‘mega-pancake’, filled with delicious flavors and interesting textures, puffed to perfection from baking in the oven. We followed the recipe except for (I always have an ‘except for’, don’t I?) the addition of diced walnuts and vanilla almond milk instead of cows milk.
So, I headed back inside, still determined to get some satisfaction. After waiting yet again, I talked to the same Geek Squad associate, who then told me he had to talk to his manager. More waiting, and then he returns and tells me there’s nothing they could do. But if I wanted to buy another computer at Best Buy they’d be happy to do a data transfer for me. Oh my gosh. He is so lucky I didn’t jump across the counter right then. Really? A data transfer? That is the best you can do. I was willing to just let them send my old laptop out and repair it for me. I wasn’t pushing for a replacement. Just repair. But the manager wasn’t willing to do that for me. At that point, Best Buy went on my No-Shop List.
10 Second High Push Up Plank Hold or a Forearm Plank Hold. Followed by:
Apparently, certain animals live at certain locations, so the more places you take photos at, the more animals you will find. Although, they also move, so I can check to see if my couch is safe in a bit.
“Sometimes the best thing you can do as a parent, is keep your mouth shut. My mother just listened .. and let me talk. What a gift that was.” – Diane Keaton this morning, on the Today Show
The CNN news blog story quotes two American “experts” on why the Japanese are so well behaved. Gregory Pflugfelder of Columbia University says it is because, unlike Americans, Japanese are not individualistic and care about the group. Merry White of Boston University says Americans loot and riot because of frustration over “alienation and class gaps.”
Wordsworth was in France at the time and felt so blissful that he made a French girl pregnant. In later life, he moved politically to the Right and bought shares in railways - but he never forgot his enthusiasm for 1789.
In any case, as I mentioned the beautiful ruins of Ostia Antica yesterday and also made reference to Pompeii I thought I would let you know that after a three year multi-euro restoration, the Stabian Baths are now re-open to the public. The baths were public and were used by all but the most wealthy people, as the wealthy were really the only people who could devote an entire room in the house to this purpose. The public baths were divided so that the men and women each had their own side and on each side was a series of rooms,with different functions, changing room, the cold bath room, the tepid bath room or hot bath room.
Just get me through the next four hours, mind, and we can spend the next week writing gibberish and frivolous stuff like stories about hipster aliens who are trying to take over the world.
It is clear to see that the Torah represented not just legalities but the entire Judaist faith, and its significance cannot be underestimated; the prosperity of ancient Israel seems to wax and wane with how high regard the Torah was held. Jehoshaphat’s plan of restoringIsraelafter Asa’s failing reign was to instructIsraelin these matters:
I would like to enter this card into the following challenges
This regime of terror, extending beyond the gates of the ANC/SACP ‘Buchenwald’ of Quadro, was a necessary element in the total practice of repression and deception which made the Anti-Apartheid Movement the most successful Popular Front lobby for Stalinism anywhere in the world.
Some experts claim that we have a hand in creating our luck, good or bad. A recent study by Richard Wiseman, Professor of Psychology at the University of Hertfordshire in the UK, demonstrated that simply believing that one is lucky can create positive outcomes. Wiseman studied two groups of people: one group whose members considered themselves to be “lucky” and another group whose members considered themselves to be “unlucky”.
I have not found this out by chance. A friend of mine introduced me to Reverse Therapy. I'm not going to go into details about it I'll leave that up to you but I will say this "Reverse Therapy is NOT about mind over matter." (as many people including some professionals believe the key to CFS/ME recovery is.)
Since several of the top shows (e.g. SGU, Skeptic Zone, Geologic) are posted on Thursday, Friday and Saturday, I think you could do well to do the show assembly on Sunday and post it late Sunday or early Monday morning. That way skeptics can start their week with a review of what they might have missed in the previous week.
It is a very simple trick if you want to add some depth.
That's it. Painless right? I would be forever grateful if you would just take an extra second out of your busy day to leave some words for me. And feel free to comment Anonymously if you would like. I won't mind. It's all for the sake of this blog. Because IHeart this blog, and IHeart you.
But food safety aside, simply monitoring the delivery of the meal program—in order to evaluate its success and make improvements—is an enormous challenge. Enter the techies at an Indian firm called Knowlarity who realized that while most schools don’t have internet connections, many people have cell phones.
I like the last explanation best: it doesn't do as much damage in a fight. Ah, the British, with their fish and chips, cups of tea and fighting. They haven't changed much over the years.
Later, we returned to our hostel, changed and got ready for the night, and went out. However, our timing was poor because the previous night, the football team from Bilbao, Athletic Club of Bilbao, had won a huge match and I guess the whole city erupted into a mad party. So Friday night came around and the entire city was dead. We wandered and went into a few places, but even the most crowded place was nothing more than a hallow bar with loud music. Eventually, we retreated and just went home.
By changing just one aspect, you can see how it can change the whole look.
Under the deep red light
I have created this post so that other bloggers can link to it, and you can see either the original post, or the latest update, simply by clicking on one of two buttons. That way, each blogger won't have to update their links every time there is a new update; I can just change the link here. Thank you for your interest in helping a four year old boy who can't talk, and whose family's health insurance provider has denied him the help he needs.
While I have three Chanel greens in my stash (yep), my favorite is the golden Khaki. Sometimes I apply that lightly and I'm finished. Other favorites are the enduring neutral shades like Chanel Ivory or Edward Bess Mystery and Escape. All are multi-dimensional colors, so they are easy to use alone or with each other. Sometimes I add eyeliner (if I remember).
Of all the seasons, they are
__________________________________________
1418 D-III/23/2002. “On the Unnatural Patience of Chaucer’s Griselda.” MENSA of Illinois Meeting, Chicago, Illinois.
Anyways... I've decided to make my own desert island selections. I practically live on one already.
The event benefits United Way of Southwest Colorado. This is one of the most significant craft beer events in Durango each year, and I always have a good time.
Valor or Valour: noun
5) Return the roasted black and white sesame seeds to the pan and dry fry for ½ min.
Springfield, MA ♦ This is campers’ chance to be part of the Drama Studio’s longest-running production intensive. Campers/actors will stage a full-length melodrama with dastardly villains, faithful heroes and heroines, and perhaps a damsel in distress! Past productions have included daring train-track rescues, fierce battles, charming orphans, & saving the day in the nick of time! Audiences will cheer the heroes & boo the villains as actors present this year’s melodrama, with full costumes, scenery, make-up & even some song & dance. Camper/actors will strengthen their acting, improvisation & character-building skills & gain production experience. This camp also includes opportunities for actors to write & stage their own original scenes, monologues & dances.
Region: Ontario, Canada
Don't tell me it moves at a rapid clip. Anyone who writes 33 word sentences is immediately dis-membered from the Rapid Clip Club.
Need a lot more therapy. Blog helps get it all out before it explodes inside. The good, the bad, and the ugly!
However, when your child grows up, she will be the one with the choice. If you want her to choose to continue to stick with you then, start being someone she would choose now. Start trusting, start accepting her now. Understand that the only thing you can truly control about your child is your half of your relationship with her. The only person you can control without fail is yourself.
But life goes on…………it’s these challenges that makes one stronger……
Innovation – absolutely! In one fell swoop not only did they re-energize their rewards program by making it more valuable for existing card members, but also tapped into the heart of a younger generation, filled with future card members.
6. The outfit for the cocktail party will be knowledge of my skills and accomplishments, paired with confidence and genuine desire to get involved, wrapped up in a cute black dress by Nanette Lepore that says “professional”, “young” AND “creative”. And it has pockets for easy access to my business cards (one of Judith’s tricks), on the back of which I will write the name of the event that I will be attending, so that maybe the people to whom I give cards will remember who the hell I am (another of Judith’s tricks).
I have especially done a lot of questioning in the last month with two deaths in the family–one a great aunt and the most recent passing being my grandfather. Death is a teacher. It offers all of us a time to celebrate a loved ones life and a time to question what we are up to in our own lives and make changes if necessary.
63Those smiling eyes, attemp'ring ev'ry day,
Those of us born after 1980 are the first generation that has grown up with the internet, allowing us to not only learn about remote regions of the world, but to communicate with those regions in real-time. And then, in a matter of seconds, we can just as easily purchase a plane ticket for a visit .
Why 500 people have nothing better to do than complain about an episode shown when all good kids should be in bed, and all nutters locked up, is beyond me.
We are so honored to be guest posting this month on Classic Bride. Sarah has such impeccable taste and we've been reading Classic Bride since before we even starting blogging ourselves! Our Thursday posts on CB will be based on four different flowers that we've used as inspiration for weddings in each season.
The mourners are here.
very SPECIAL day!!
Only the wealthy few have had income growth in the last 30 years.
This not to be missed all day conference is aimed at savvy women who are interested or involved in promoting business and features:-
A microwave! A new microwave, stuck right in there on the new shelf, and I hadn't even noticed! Clint went out and got one! Yayyyy!
Today, however, I had drawn a line in the sand. In fact, to get my courage up, I had etched a shallow furrow in the island's rocky grit with one big toe. Symbolic, I told myself. Time to take a stand, for the good of your relationship and the cause of fairness. Never mind the fact that it's easier to stand up to her when you've already had an athletic bout of morning sex already, and three helpings of cheap, plastic-bottle ouzo shortly thereafter.
Sentences broken, gunshot wound in the breast, cavalry skirmish,
Both homes are brick with a center entrance and central front dormer. Both sport a hip roof. Twin windows flank the front door. Above the front, on the second level, are two adjacent windows.
Long pause ... you can tell they are processing this information.
2. Determined (Vows Of Vengeance) 04:48
Melody T
One set of answers may regard a more stringent review of the project’s financials. While the agency has twice released brief memos summarizing the project’s fiscal impact, Hulka revealed that an outside consultant, the firm KPMG, conducted an independent financial analysis of the project.
It is in Mr Mugabe's interests to strike a deal before Mr Zuma takes over.
Lina is forced to join the Sea Lions after upsetting her step sister Sky(Holland Roden). While trying out she impresses Avery’s brother Evan Whitbourne(Cody Longo) and the Sea Lions. This leads to her being voted as captain of the squad. She invites her girls Gloria and Trey to give her a hand in transforming the Sea Lions into a dream team.
Roy: I mean the fellow’s name in goals.
I was paranoid that she was actually sick. I stayed awake, watching her, listening for the tell tale signs of innerds about to become out-erds.
During my review opportunity I was sent the Famous Dave's Moisture Tan with Bronzer and a Famous Dave's Application Mitt. Since, I had never personally tried this brand I decided to put it on my upper legs only to see how well the product actually did. This allowed me to be able to cover up the spots if I were not satisfied until the color faded.
and answering e-mails
That’s all folks
in a world with wonders undefined.
6. After about an hour minimum, but more time would be better, you should have a thickened version of your ingredients. Taste the liquid and see how much salt it needs.
and lifting it up,
At a local Chinese buffet/hibachi hot-spot, there is a dish almost consistently served called coconut chicken. I never tasted coconut myself nor were there any shreds or pieces of coconut visible, but the sauce was white and creamy and studded with bite-sized morsels of battered and deep fried chicken. It's very good stuff.
The blog wants to speak now: The "pop culture" tab has now been rearranged so the latest information is first. I hope to be adding updated info to all of the tabs in the next few days.
1 Sunny (Part I)
And you will not find any organization past or present, religious or nonreligious as regards (Jihad and military) (ordering) the whole nation to march forth and mobilize all of them. into active military service as a single row for Jihad in Allah’s Cause so as to make superior the Word of Allah (i.e. none has the right to be worshipped but Allah), as you will find in the Islamic Religion and its teachings.
Interestingly enough, that same issue of Newsweek had a health article about "the science of forgetting." Why do I say "interestingly enough"? My second novel (tentatively titled HOW TO SAVE A LIFE), which will be out early next year, has a major plot line that relates to deleting traumatic memories from the brain. I don't want to say more lest I give too much away, but I'm starting to feel like someone at Newsweek is looking over my shoulder as I write . . .
She moved away, went to university to study forensic science. He stayed behind, studied at his local college. He found it difficult not talking to her every day. The two tried to stay in touch but over the years like all things they grew apart.
Then use soap and water to clean the discs.
Our Guild's quilt show was this weekend. Yep, the one I busted my butt finishing quilts for. As I suspected, the Bloomin' Challenge quilt gained no recognition (and never in a million years did I expect that it would). Criminally, neither did the beautiful applique and beaded quilt I saw prior to finishing mine....you remember, the one that made me want to just chuck everything I had done into the dustbin. While the winners of this challenge were nice little quilts, they weren't stellar...just generic little quilts...not something you could describe in a conversation the next day (unlike this beaded beauty). I've pretty much concluded that judging in this contest has somewhat of a political skew to it. When I mentioned this to a fellow guild member, they laughed and congratulated me on figuring that out so quickly (my second challenge). Do you think she was being sarcastic?
Born in Northern Canada, Angela grew up on the Canadian prairies amid dreams of becoming the next Dian Fossey or a world famous flight attendant. Those, however, were never meant to be. Instead, she moved to Texas and then eventually beautiful Colorado where she divides her time between her family, writing and her other job, teaching.
Silverbulletday produce record:
When will the Final Exam take place – I DO NOT KNOW AS YET. I was out of town. The notice will be posted tomorrow by the Department of Economics by noon.
*I absolutely was not compensated for this post. Not even one hot wing. We just really enjoy this restaurant, it's a part of our history and it was fun to share it with our kiddos. If you ever drive by one, turn around at the next exit. Seriously, those wings are worth the extra hour!
Will I ever consider giving it a second chance?
Important Things You Must Know About Home Additions:
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
“Ah. Yes. Your new man friend. He does not exist.”
11:30 banana
If you've followed Bee Crafty for a while you will remember a freebie previously given away...here it is again, take and enjoy, just let people know it's from Bee Crafty (and don't forget to add hearts if using it for your entry.)
If we could take a peek inside my tummy right now, this is what our sweet little baby would look like:
SS: What about dialogue? What would you say are the 2 or 3 things you focus on most when writing dialogue? What’s most important in getting it right?
Gold: Berliner Weisse, Snake River Brewing, Jackson, WY
Congratulations!
also printed out some materials from afterschool.com for interview's tips and references.
Yesterday, I ordered my cap and gown, AKA the ceremonial robes I will be shrouded in when I become a college graduate in six weeks and stop getting FAFSA checks every few months that will pay my bills. Instead, I will start paying back the tens of thousands of dollars in loans it took for me to wear the cap and gown.
I loved this view of the wall at the top of the gardens, though we had to wait forever to snap this without cars in it. We later learned ourselves that every car coming into the estate is sent through this gate and along the perimeter of these gardens. Once again, we lucked out with the crappy weather. I’m sure there’s no chance in Hades of getting a car-free shot here on a nice spring day!
When we are at this point, adjusting with the new addition to our lives, that totally changes our relationship dynamic, it takes a lot of patience and perseverance to work through these problems, which as we all know on the wrong day of the month can equate to the end of the world and our marriage for us! So funny how hormones have a huge part to play in this! Usually when we feel at our worst everything else that you could handle for the month magically becomes UNBEARABLE!
This is the first of a series of posts from the book (itself part of a series for different audiences) which is available in paper form at http://bit.ly/OrderBeAPerson save $5 using Coupon Code 62YTRFCV
Bayer Advanced Aspirin 20 or 24 ct – $3
So most of you know that the smartest man in the world just so happens to be my father. I'm constantly amazed at his endless knowledge, most recently so during a casual conversation about how nasty my plastic garden tub at my aparment is (I'm going to save you the pictures... trust me, NASTY), especially after a few dog baths in it. I mentioned that I've tried EVERYTHING from regular Scrubbing Bubbles to bleach cleaners. All they did was make me frustrated.
Well as promised just a couple of quick pics taken in the Lake District last week, I'm not sure of all the place names as it was my first visit but I do hope it won't be my last!
In terms of the future, Visser and Cisarik have a fairly clear path ahead of them.
Apple allows the wildcard character * to be used for a suite of applications. When testing various version of a game during development, it’s sometimes useful to be able to reuse a generic Provisioning Profile and App ID.
Have a wonderful weekend....looks like we are getting some gorgeous weather here!
I hope you all had a wonderful holiday!
Oh, I must add that the kids (ages 3 and 13) enjoyed them too!
A simple card, but with huge impact. That out of his dark place and in his own particular way, he could still summon up enough strength to tell his mother that he cared for her. And part of me thinks he did it for a joke. To this day, the card makes me laugh (and yes, I admit, shed the occasional tear).
Best Picture: The Artist
You should have a good reason for everything you do in life.
diane@anotherplanet.com, with your name, daytime phone number and address.
But March is mostly given over, in terms of reading, to these tasks:
Quote from Racecar-engineering.com “One of the defences used by McLaren was that Stepney, the former Ferrari employee, was ‘whistle blowing’ – something the court struggled to accept covered the whole affair, but it did certainly have an effect at the Australian Grand Prix. Ferrari won the race, but the FIA later outlawed the car’s floor. McLaren contended that the Ferrari that won was illegal, and a letter from Stepney to the FIA sent after the hearing revealed that it may well have been, as it was in effect a mass damper. Such devices were banned last season as they were controversially deemed to be a moveable aerodynamic device.
As with most guys, I enjoy sports. A lot. In fact, I follow just about every major sport that’s out there pretty avidly, with the exception of hockey. But I also enjoy stats. I’m a statistician by trade, so I love looking at the numbers and comparing things, so I was looking at some Major League Baseball stats for the 2012 season thus far, and there are some interesting ones:
I’ve been looking forward to doing this post for the last month. I’m excited to see where I stand in the face of my goals. Plus it’s a great reminder of the goals I set out to achieve.
Life is so ironic.
Dear Turtle Wax Oxy Interior1,
11. Izabella - inst. long version
5 large eggs
Yes, there is a story there and Zephaniah 3:17 is a big part of it. So much so that it is the topic of my next book, a journal account of the incredible journey we have been on since leaving our beloved Texas home, which I look forward to sharing more about in the coming days. This passage is so meaningful to us that we actually wrote it on the foundation of our new home before the builders finished out the basement this week.
A pair of leggings underneath my pyjamas? Check
And I drove down here and my parents were furious.
She set her mobile dutifully to ‘silent’ and trotted out to tread the sticky pavements with her paramour, mindful of the damp in the air, the frizz it would make of her hair, “To catch a husband is an art; to hold him is a job,” she told herself for the look on his face, determined beneath the erroneously jaunty angle of the beret, was enough to prompt her to a wiser silence.
Supercalifragilipstick will be released in early September and will sell for $24 at Kate Spade stores and the Kate Spade website.
But the most disappointing character is far and away Anthony Quinn’s Captain Vinolas, a surprisingly boring villain. We see him romancing a mistress and lighting candles asking God to help him slay Artiguez, but that’s it as far as his psychological troubles go. Zinnemann also fails to draw striking parallels between Vinolas and Artiguez. You’d think Quinn and Peck would have a lot in common, but the most Zinnemann can do is make them both out to be incredibly salty, lecherous men who can’t seem to resist checking out a fine woman’s ass.
However, the key word for those who construct speed figures, is the word “bounce”. In short, it means that most horses which run a career-best performance in their last race will invariably regress in their next effort. I’ve found this to be true over the years, with the exception of young horses such as Bodemeister, which can continue to improve until they reach a plateau of sorts.
Les nouveautés seront disponibles vendredi 3 février à partir de 5h du matin, heure de Paris! Et comme toujours, faites un petit tour sur le blog d'All That Scraps, pour essayer de gagner:-)! Bisous et merci de votre visite! A demain:-)!
AU: First let’s talk about the good; the fact that individual cases are reported serves a national purpose. The harm that is being caused is that when we focus on individual issues and not the structural issues, people keep on believing that there are pain-free solutions available and they think that if you remove one person or a set of people your problem will be solved.
1950
200 g. confectioners' sugar, sifted
Qual.: Any
On with the treatment of Chapter 1 of 50 Shades of Grey…
TK was not interested in being a mother to Kali, and since she had not nursed after 30 hours, she was taken from TK and given to keepers and docents to hand raise. (TK was not in the least upset by this. She got to go back with Kali's father Berani, who she's crazy about.)
There was so much meaning in this story. Estella once made great sacrifice to a demon, and due to that, has been forced to make heavy decisions every day of her life whilst living in Hell. In order to save children, the demon says she must make sacrifices. She makes these sacrifices but when she is forced to place a curse on a baby named Anamique, the demon eventually gets more than he bargained for. Due to the curse, Anamique grows up mute, unable to even murmer a sound for the chance that it will kill anybody who hears it. She is teased and lives her life lonely until a soldier named James, finds her diary and falls in love with her. The romance that unfolds is breathtaking, beautiful and heartbreaking. Throughout, many sacrifices are made, but many lessons are learned.
“Do you believe money has succeeded in devaluing art?”
I bought some cool flowers to put in our front yard where we dug out a big bush last season, but have been SO lazy and not wanted to go out and plant them yet. Which I am so happy that I didn’t because it snowed today and will continue to do so all weekend. So moral of the story, being lazy pays off!
LUNCH: is usually a late snacky type meal for me…so let’s go with the light smoothie here…silken tofu , coconut ( or almond milk) half a banana, and a wee bit of pineapple …tropical lunch ? Yes please… and now…
Pectin Fiber, helps control hunger.
Of Fire’s glow; the fighter’s show is brilliant but short
I’m liking team cee lo and adam performing together although I am spotting who the weak link in the group is right now. Their voices blend well together.
1/2 tablespoon commercial chili powder
OK, I could stop there but there is so much more! I was reading through her About Me page and literally laughed out loud. And I don't laugh out loud. Ever. So stinkin funny! And she's my friend in real life!! Could I be any luckier?
The news went on after the commercial and after a few headlines, the sports news began to roll. Despite the fact that I’m not a very sporty person, I’ve come to anticipate the sports news because DIANA CAMILLE CARREON has been a presenter on the show for almost a year now. She had replaced Dianne Castillejo as the main sports reporter ever since she retired from TV. From time to time, PBA correspondent DESIREE BALTAZAR also appeared to report on the games and the lives of the PBA ballers. Not so far from their line of specialization is their friend REINALYN BANAG who is also a PBA correspondent for AM radio. She even anchors the radio coverage of championships and reports straight from the court!
Even if I knew he was right, I wasn’t about to back down.
Happy New Year everyone! It's been nearly two months since I've written on this blog, and while I've missed being here, I have loved doing my daily movie reviews on my classic movie blog. In fact, I have decided to not only do a daily movie review through the winter...but hopefully all year long as well. Additionally, I've added something new for this year---observing the birthdays of my favorite stars by sharing a tiny bit about them as well as my five favorite of their films. (Only six days into this year, and I've already had three of my favorite stars' birthdays to observe.)
Jeremy Budd, Mark Dobell (tenor)
Here are the revelations of an ex-Engineer, and they are hard won: The universe isn’t a machine you can build or fix. It’s wide-open, completely invisible and immune to outside interference. It scoffs at our attempts to defy this convention. Whether you overanalyze or quality control it to death or not, things will be. Meaning is proferred to us everywhere, and we lap it up like the dogs we are.
Michael continues to keep growing. He’s still not quite grown up, though. Oh, I sure would like to discuss some potty and breastfeeding thoughts…maybe another day.
Sometimes the relationship continues, sometimes not; sometimes design bloggers have developed true, real life, in person friendships.
Didn’t God say, “The steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord?” Don’t you believe what God has said? The Lord doesn’t make any mistakes. We certainly do. Do we dare to complain when those steps aren’t according to our preparation?
Much cold wind from Nature and fanatical hot air from envirosocialists have manifested since then, but it’s just the related coercion and its motivation that interest us here. There was a recent “Planet Under Pressure” conference in London in which this professorette, Kari Norgaard from the University of Oregon, presented a paper the synopsis of which reads “Simultaneous action needed to break cultural inertia in climate-change response”.
I’m so happy that he has taken this opportunity to try something new and relocate himself and his life to another place. He will be learning how to speak french (I’m envious but I am hoping he can be my pseudo teacher) playing music, and doing a lot of writing.
These pictures are from the midnight premiere of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 and from when I dressed up for Halloween this past year as a Harry Potter geek! I will add my initial reactions and a short review below. I saw it three times the opening weekend, twice in 2D, once in 3D on an Ultra-Screen…
C# then serves as the key for the singsong bridge, played at a different tempo. After the bridge, the guitar and bass once again make their way back to that same two-bar riff on the tonic and third of F, making clever use of the major third interval (a big element in this song) along the way. What follows, finally, is an abbreviated third verse with two lines, this time just moving up from A to B, then A to B to C# (all major chords). After the C# chord, the guitar and bass play the same return to the initial riff as heard after the first verse, but this time using the F as a weird dominant prep chord that leads to G#, the dominant of the final tonic resolution in C#.*
Hole # 14, par 5, Blue tees, 590 yards
Christ came to unite himself to mankind and to unite humanity to Himself. He wished to give us his “divine power in all things that pertain unto life…” so that we might be “partakers of the Divine Nature” (2 Peter 1.3-4) which is thus called theosis (union with God, from Gr. Theos, God, and enosis, union–referring also to John 17 “I in them and Thou in Me, that they all may be one in us”) the final goal and greatest part of man’s salvation. He established a way by which all men could be united to Him and to each other in body and soul–Holy Communion (the body and blood of Christ), which when men partake of it in Faith, receiving Christ in their body and soul with Faith and love.
Corruption rife within the spoon-fed scripts on your shiny TV,
The Promise Walk for Preeclampsia means something unique to each participant across the country… but this year for one young preeclampsia survivor, it means getting to see her artwork impact thousands!
Going back in time with the family tree research I can’t help but feel drawn to Victorian times. My grandma whom I vaguely remember, was born in 1872 (and lived till well into her 90s); and it amazes me to think she was around when Queen Victoria was on the throne.
I'll manage my way with a clear head, two amazing babies, and a husband who loves me enough to bring home some chocolate.
Natalie tries to bite Brenda, but Brenda manages to tape her mouth shut again, then stabs her in the side. Natalie cries out in pain, and Reese enters the room with her gun drawn before Brenda can do any more damage to Natalie. Reese unties one of Natalie's hands, then forces Brenda to stand against a window. Before she can finish frisking the killer, Brenda turns around and stabs Reese too. The two women struggle with each other, then Brenda gets the gun and shoots Reese.
Roben-Marie Smith This can come in so many forms. There are times when I have a dream that inspires me or lately, it is after spending the day shooting pictures.
10 Do you eat when you're not hungry?
God, The King of Kings,
3 tbsp lemon juice
Time for a new batch. Maybe wraps this time??
“Give me that bag!”
If two input square sentences are matched, and the three input values of each sentence match, the reasoning between the two sentences is the same; square, triangle, circle.
Serving.
Budget day is a month from today, Wednesday 21 March. And, in the run-up period, we have had all the predictable calls from the usual suspects – the BBPA, CAMRA, SIBA and the WSTA – for alcohol duties to be frozen and the duty escalator to be scrapped. The current policy, so they say, is closing pubs, losing jobs, encouraging smugglers and is anyway subject to the law of diminishing returns.
Tutorials - Here I will post some "How-To's" for you
Deschutes Chainbreaker White IPA pours a cloudy light yellow color, with a whispy head of white foam. There is plenty of citrus aroma in this beer. The flavor shows the wheat, with spice and citrus running through the drink. Light, yet memorable.
“I don’t count nightmares as sleeping. I wake up more tense than when I went to bed and then I’m wide awake but don’t want to get out of bed because what would be the point, all I’d be doing is staring at a wall trying to come up with things I can do so that I’m not sitting around staring at a wall?”
The wife saw these pics I took of myself yesterday just now and she is like
Mouth feel: A fine body to this one.
Hound lungs inhale
Churning the house around in my head it just wouldn't go away, it really really unsettled me that someone was going to get our house and I started wondering if this was a good idea coming through at all. I tried to put it out of my head and returned home to carry on as normal, Brent was now home from work and we were just talking about random things and of course I mentioned we had been to see the house, told him it was really run down but had great potential. Totally to my surprise he commented that it would be a great house to sink your teeth into......that was all it took and it rolled forward at lightening speed from there!
“Out on thee for a dastard!” says Gisli; “but though thou broughtest us all to shame, still for all that I will go myself.”
Kim: "I bet no one makes you as hard as I do cos I'm so hot"
I dyed some rice blue, and Punkin sprinkled it on a page of glue (to make rain). Then, she glued cotton balls at the top (as clouds) to make her own rainy day picture. This idea came from A Little Delightful.
Worldbook: 1925—a poem, on the other hand, is playful in its use of where it comes from. A little reading in it will reveal its source as the 1925 edition of the famous encyclopedia volume “from A to Bee” as it says on the title page. The language may all be found there. The composition is what we’re after. Diction encompassing everything teaches what a mindset is like. The composition gives the critical angle, and it’s hilarious. From the simplicity of “XVIII.”:
We are the tellers of heritage deep in faith, courage, and intertwined with that of New Hampshire’s birth.
Ministers could yet decide, as was hinted at before the Budget, to reveal some meaningful detail about the discussions already held with the leaderships of other referendum cities, but it now seems unlikely. Yes campaigners, therefore, must make the most of the Liverpool and Greater Manchester deals that we do know about – by no means, as it turns out, too discouraging a task.
You anti-Whites ONLY ever argue for this to be done to EVERY White country and ONLY White countries. You are demanding and justifying the GENOCIDE of my people.
1. My Kids
Then he was on a roll. He wanted to make a funnel out of a piece of paper and build a road with toothpick speed bumps for his Hot Wheels to motor over. And this carried on for hours. One idea inspired another served as the impetus for yet another. The freedom of homeschooling nurtured that. It’s a beautiful thing.
Walking up to Eleven Front you see nice fresh paint in a converted row home. The restaurant has a nice facade, with a few small windows with some neon beer signs. This restaurant could however be easily missed if you weren't looking for it.
She knows in Whom I believe. She may already know what I’m getting at, and yet, she may not. I hope this is the first of our conversations on this topic. As we were leaving she excused herself from all she heard: “Well, everyone chooses their own way to believe; whatever makes them happy.” But she knows these things we spoke of are in the scriptures. I pray she will come to believe on the One who fulfilled and accomplished God’s salvation plan.
As you may or may not know, I'm an event planner, and we just entered busy season. This means I'm currently planning for events in New Orleans, Chicago, Minneapolis, San Diego, and Paris. In addition, I'm bookending my London/Paris work trip with trips to Scotland, Switzerland and Italy, so I'm trying to get that squared away as well. I also have another more personal event I'm planning for on the horizon, but more on that later...
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Along the way, he comes to rely on the assistance of one of the most complex and well drawn characters I've ever read, Lisbeth Salander, the "girl" of the title and a consummate computer hacker and investigator. Together, the chemistry, the intelligence, the skills combine for what might be called a "ripping good yarn." And yes, it has a couple of pretty grim sections not for the faint of heart. But they are essential to the plot (not gratuitous) and move both story and character along. These might be tougher in the movie, but I was fine with them on the page.
wings and a voice.
Here's the question. If I submit to this app publisher, and they accept and publish my PB, will that completely shoot down any chances of it getting published as a traditional, printed book? Should I just stick it out and see what turns up with my submissions to agents?
Who's Gonna Save My Soul--Gnarls Barkley
All three of my kids pooped!!
He felt like someone had thrown a bucket of water on his head. He could feel the terror in his stomach, like a ball of ice that just would not melt.
WITNESS: We both do.
A plant slowly being killed by the innocent little ice crystals covering it. "To every thing there is a season." There is "a time to be born and a time to die... The LORD hath made everything beautiful in His time." (Ecc. 3:1-2, 11) The verdant center of this leaf will give way to ochre and vermilion, then its flaming glory will fade, and finally it will wither. But, praise God, we are "born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible, by the word of God, which liveth and abideth for ever." (I Pet 1:23)
Now we wish you a lot of fun with our challenge.
One of today’s waiters was especially keen to chat with us and practise his English. He told us he likes people from London and the way all of them — from truckers to tourists — say “Alright mate?” Which he did for us in the most authentic ‘sarf’ London accent you can imagine! He was very pleased when we told him his accent was perfect.
You know, my mother met my stepfather at a funeral, so this isn’t exactly unchartered waters in my family. Our women apparently have a penchant for taking advantage of grieving men. It just so happened that my mom was married six months later. I think Mr. Zegna and I will take it slower than that. But then again, you never know. I’ll keep you posted.
Michael Kiwanuka is a sensation, after winning the Radio 1's sound of 2012 he has gone on to release this wonderful, soulful and very real sounding album. This album whilst still carrying a very chilled out vibe also feels passionate and lived.
You may begin this journey of self-discovery with an identifiable loss, or you may discover hidden losses that you have never stopped to consider.
Rolled Spelt
Alex joked that the hardest decision you have to make on a honeymoon is what time to switch from coffee to wine. On this sail, we switched over before noon. (When the skipper asked if we'd like a beer, Alex looked at his watch; the skipper laughed, "The time doesn't matter! You're in Greece!")
Consequently, when American missiles and bullets tear through villages, rooftops, windshields, and the living, breathing bodies of Afghan men, women, boys and girls, the carnage is devoid of “context” – not that a deadly attack on U.S. soil over a decade ago can possibly, in any conceivable, legal, or human way, justify the atrocities, trauma, terror, dehumanization and devastation that have befallen the Afghan people at the orders and hands of American soldiers, officers, and commanders-in chief.
“Well, if that’s your version of help, DON’T, OK!!! Get out!!
“All of these factors will strongly reinforce the vitality of the new retail corridor. Studies have previously concluded that island residents spend $0.86 of every retail dollar off-island, and we are committed to changing that dynamic,” said Kimberly Sherman-Stamler, Vice President of Related Companies. UPDATE 11:20 AM - The new retail stores and improvements on Main Street would not have been accomplished without the persistence and hard work of former RIOC Director Jonathan Kalkin who first proposed the idea of a private sector Main Street Retail Master Leaseholder way back in 2007. Mr. Kalkin should be thanked for his role in helping to bring about these new stores.
Please come see everything in person if you can! There is nothing like seeing this beautiful home up close and personal. The views are breathtaking, and I have never seen a home for a Showcase with such presence.
Please pick your favorite and at the end of the day. I will tell you mine.
I’ve challenged myself to finish more first drafts by hand.
The second option is for those of you who prefer a classic, casual look. A cross-body bag is perfect for a casual look as it lacks the fussiness that a clutch or handbag might have. A cross-body bag leaves you hands free, which in my opinion looks casual and laid back. Ballerina flats are an obvious choice when it comes to casual wear. Picking a color (such as red) keeps your outfit from becoming too casual and boring.
I got word today that my second in the Mickey Rangel detective series, tentatively titled The Lemon Tree Caper. This is very cool news. I had a ton of fun writing this one, getting Mickey on the case for a second time. Now to get to work on the next.
The boy ducked out from under the man’s hand and bashfully boasted, “I’m almost thirteen. Flox horns turn then.”
I’m opening a challenge to my readers today. I’ve had to take some time off drinking beer due to travel and a pinch of sickness, but its wearing off and I’m getting thirsty. I have one update to do from my trip. After that one comes out, however, I’m getting right back at the task at hand. 1 beer at a time.
Butz did this to free up the American economy – the price of food went WAY down. Prior to this, the average home was spending half of its income on food, now they were paying around 16%. This was huge. Corn actually costs less today than it did in 1950. Yippee!
The word Torah, means utterance, teaching, instruction or revelation from Elohiym. It comes from horah, which means to direct, to teach, and derives from the stem, ‘yara’, which means to shoot or throw. There are two aspects to the word Torah. Aiming or pointing in the right direction and or moving in that direction.
If you have any questions about the MIS process, please contact International Office by e-mail or call 317-872-0540.
I’ve loved traditional music since I was a child. One of the themes of the book is what you pass down to the next generation. In an early draft, a character tells Josie that we can still hear the dead talk through the songs that are passed down through the ages. I believe that. I wanted a way to link the book into the voices of the people of the time.
Winning the Champions League is something of a holy grail for the manager and any chance of success will be tempered by his three match ban. That he has chosen not to appeal the harshness of the penalty is interesting: an exasperation with Uefa that any appeal is likely to fail or equally as likely, an admission of guilt? I wonder if those who opine that all players should have their suspensions wiped for finals will join me in noting that managers should not be banned as it generally serves little or no purpose.
From this brief review, it appears on the face of it that the TKDL, although possibly useful in some limited circumstances involving over-broad applications, is of fairly limited use. Although it has been claimed (in the above mentioned TofI article) that thousands of applications had previously been wrongfully granted as a result of a lack of information on traditional knowledge, this seems to be far fetched given that TKDL is unable to provide any convincing examples of applications being refused on grounds of a TKDL reference. Can anyone else find one?
This time was no different.
I said to her "How about $0.50?"
I have a very interesting book and deck coming my way – the HEXEN 2.0 Tarot by Suzanne Treister. As a preamble to that, on the advice my friend Paul Nagy, I purchased the initial groundwork for this project, the book HEXEN2039, also by Suzanne Treister. Quite frankly, it is going to take me some time to understand the work that this incredible artist is doing. We are not talking “pretty pictures” here, we are talking work that is presented in multi-media format, with a very distinctive foundation. In 1995 Treister created a fictional alter ego by the name of Rosalind Brodsky. Rosalind is just as normal as the rest of us – a delusional time traveler who thinks that she is working at the Institute of Militronics and Advanced Time Interventionality (IMATI) in the twenty-first century.
The current crop of union leaders is not going to prepare for a general strike. Instead, they spend most of our dues dollars selling concessionary contracts to the members, while giving the rest to lobbyists and lawyers, leaving our strike funds dry and our membership unorganized, frustrated, and demoralized. For the working class to avoid the historic defeat the Koch brothers have planned for us, we must first take back control of our unions! New militant rank and file leaders not afraid to confront Taft-Hartley through strike action must rise in the ranks to replace the functionaries and careerists who sap our dues while shedding crocodile tears about their inability to mobilize the membership and bring home the bacon.
kenfrost.hk
As you’ll see, it’s considered funny by the House generally (even she laughs to go along with it, though obviously Harriet Harpieperson wouldn’t have).
1/3 c citrus juices
Partway through this process, Audrey decided that we should have prizes for the best eggs. So she ran back to her room and made some. I was very proud of her. Originally she just made one ribbon, but then she decided to make two and give one to Daddy and one to Carter.
clean out the pots of annuals,
In the five years I've been planning kid parties, this was the EASIEST and MOST FUN we've had yet... and I even made the cake! I even had party guests comment about how fun it was and they were REALLY interested in having parties just like ours.
I continued straight on through the Barnes complex. You will pass doctors, nurses, interns, as well as pedestrians getting on and off the metro link stop. There was a point in my life I was intrigued by the idea of becoming a doctor only to come to the realization that unless it was a dire situation, I am comfortable not having to surgically suture any wounds in my life.
Wow. I knew I hadn't posted in quite some time, but I didn't realize it had been early April since my last post! I have some new followers (thank you!) and just wanted to pop in to say I'll be back when school starts.
be willing to dance to the tune
Step 3: Now if you don’t want tufting then you are all finished, but to add tufting here is what you do:
1 small can mandarin oranges (optional), drained
It was sad to see her laying there so broken! This tree was the largest tree in Clayoquot Sound! It is the 6th largest Western Red Cedar (known) in the world!
The manager went on to tell a local TV reporter that the vice president went up to him later and whispered that he was just joking. The manager also said, however, it didn’t appear to him that Biden appreciated the comment.
I’ve travelled a pile before. I don’t say that lightly, I’m know I’m lucky. But it has always been to places where there was a known face at the other end, (though never standing behind the arrivals barrier ready to call out my name, I’m secretly waiting for my Love Actually moment, it will happen one day!), where I more or less knew how I was going to get there and where I was going to stay. While I wait for Sciences Po to give the final verdict on my exchange application, I feel utterly helpless in the ability to put any real plans in place, much less, seriously consider making any commitment or investigation into the various great opportunities for share house/apartments that are currently being advertised via the uni’s facebook site…
so phenomenal. I know that they will continue to be inspiring to
Have I told you lately, how much I LOVE my Perfect Layers tools??? I use them on any card that has mats. I know a lot of you think it's just easier to use your ruler to measure the size you want and then use your paper trimmer to cut to that size... but I find that no matter how much I love my paper trimmer, it's never exact for the smaller measurements.... and then there is the whole thing about trying to put the top layer on the next layer and making sure everything is straight.
In this festive and pretty cheese spread, both green and black olives are combined with sundried tomatoes and creamy Fontina cheese, and then rolled in fresh herbs. I used a combination of parsley, thyme, rosemary and oregano, but adding basil or marjoram would taste wonderful, too; they key is to choose at least three different fresh herbs rather than just one or two.
This body has seen things that the little bride in my wedding picture hanging on our wall could've never imagined. My young mind and fit self wouldn't have been able to even scratch the surface of the grace that would grow inside me someday.
We've had lots of good campfires, too. The nice thing about the campground is that if you light a fire everyone comes and sits around it with you...lots of great chats. And usually s'mores are involved which is absolutly fantastic in my book!
“HALF SLAVE, HALF FREE: SOLOMON NORTHUP’S ODYSSEY” (1984) Review
She said: “Even in 1999 there was masses of information on different types of reusable nappies, to the point where I felt as if I had information overload. There were so many different types of nappy and covers that I didn’t know which would be better. In the end, I went with my gut instinct (Bambino Mio).”
Week 6-@ Philadelphia Eagles-1:00pm-October 14, 2012
Mommy has been feeling much better lately! I think I really lucked out because I thought for a while I had symphysis pubic dysfunction, which only gets worse throughout pregnancy until delivery but I think I had just somehow really super strained my ligaments and such because it doesn't hurt near as badly anymore to move. Although it still isn't the best feeling rolling over in bed or getting dressed, I'm not almost in tears when doing it like I was before. I've gained plenty of weight this pregnancy... I'm pretty sure I'm going to surpass the recommended 25-35 pounds since I've already gained 29.... geez that sounds like so much!! As long as Jax is healthy then I'm okay with that weight gain.
Coffee taster (I do this, a lot. I pay)
'Birth of Venus' by Botticelli
Wow it has been forver since I have posted anything! I am super sorry.
Aromatherapy is not just meant for relaxation. Believe it or not, several studies show that aromatherapy can serve as an aid for different kinds of ailments. It is considered a healing therapy that helps to lessen body discomfort with the use of oils and aromas. Are you ready to start your very own aromatherapy session? First, here are the benefits that you may receive from the massage.
Dear Disney,
Catholic apologist and prolific author Dave Armstrong has compiled his writing on the Eucharist and the Sacrifice of the Mass, from 15 years of Internet dialogues, into a Scripture-packed 23 chapters and 222 pages.
The hats pictured below left were made by Sarah Pettigrew McWilliams (1872-1958), who in her late teens operated her own dressmaking and millinery business in Washington, Kansas.
The flames of Hell make home in the sky
He’s mainly talking about the Apple TV everyone out of their right mind is expecting to hit the market within the next few months, but he’s also making blanket statements like
I was hoping to find a Wendy's or Subway or McDonald's on the way home, but I turned the wrong way out of the fire station and ended up heading straight into DC, where parking's a chore and there are few fast-food joints to be found. I finally pulled intoa lot behind a local bookstore. We used the bathroom at the store, and then William noticed the little cafe. Pickings were slim, but we got a ham and cheese sandwich and milk. William ate the ham and the bread. I nibbled on the rest. Not exactly the evening I had hoped for, but William seemed to enjoy it. We finally made it home at 8:00.
Very often, drunken conversations simply degenerate into “I love you, I do, you’re like my best friend and totally awesome and we should totally do this more often like, y’know?” And that’s fine, and to be expected.
Those who can, do.
He added, “Because it is being conducted by CBS, the one-day seminar gives an intimate perspective on the casting process of network TV shows and mini series. This CBS workshop is focused on us because American Indians are the ‘Invisible Americans’ on television”
Welcome back to square one.
Forty-seven-year-old Jesse Joe Hernandez is set for lethal injection Wednesday evening in Huntsville for the slaying of Karlos Borjas 11 years ago.
We spent time together as a family attending quite a few of the festivities and as well as some time at the beach. I even got in a bit of shopping....I'll post more photos later this week!
Switching perspective can be difficult, especially when you don't want to.
I immediately commented that I understood. In fact, she couldn’t have had a more sympathetic client at that point, because that was exactly how I felt. Over the past few weeks, I have been working flat out on our website and have had lots of little jobs to do, which have really added up. Most of the jobs required rather tedious work; but worse yet is the fact that I am not a technology buff and have had to spend extra time reading up on – and then doing – those little jobs. By the time 6 pm came along, I was feeling like my brain was scrambled! I really do admire people who understand the web well enough to do work on it instinctively.
Oh sure, practices went fairly well, but now it's a game. Now it's for REAL.
In a country where we preserve our heritage properties, cherish the old relics and heirlooms, the living heritage is being so severely neglected and abused. Economic insecurity, loss of physical ability to work and care for one’s self, falling health, physical and psychological isolation , often the social and religious taboos play havoc on these elderly people. Sometimes there is a fear of losing the spouse and low self-esteem also makes them vulnerable.
Update 2/28/2012
Do you remember Biosphere? That space-age facility they built in the desert in Arizona? The renderings and sections remind me of that. Maybe that’s why I think its so like, totally way cool. Or maybe because it’s the giant leap required to take us from the trendy Green Is The New Black, to a tangible solution with real longevity. I read that the built environment can account for up to 48% of Greenhouse Gas emissions. Imagine if we could take buildings out of the equation all together??
“It’s a little scary. I scared myself when I saw what I did,” Novatka is quoted saying in the affidavit.
(6) Best Fashion Kind of Stuff: Hooray for the return of sheath dresses – things that most women can wear successfully. I’m not really big on the sleeveless ones, but I’m thrilled otherwise. I’m also pleased to welcome back a more moderate denim – not skin-tight leggings or overly festooned jackets a la 1978, but just comfortable denim jeans, skirts and dresses.
You have until midnight (GMT) Tuesday 17th April to get your entries in and be in with the chance of winning Five Fabulous D'Arcy Digi's.
Stage 3 is appropriately labeled emotional disorganization. It was during this phase of Josh’s first deployment that I learned how to handle emotional trauma and I am now able to win the battle for my heart and mind. I share this entire story in Battles of the Heart: Boot Camp for Military Moms
So we shall see you here tomorrow, happy shopping.
It’s kind of like, yeah, sure, I’d love to have a beer with you after the game. But during the game, I’m going to beat the Hell out of you until they tell me to stop.
Hello world. Meet a former roommate’s kitty. His name is Handsome. Here you can see him dosing on a blanket over my pillows. He really liked that spot, direct sunlight and all.
He is informed:
I've visited Joanne Chang's Boston bakery last year and it was delicious! You can make many of these yummy delights at home with the cookbook!
I mean, I don't feel better havin' done all this. Not physically anyway, and I admit that clouds my judgement somewhat.
In a sauce pan, pour 1 cup of Teriyaki sauce with one cup of water. Turn the heat to medium-low. When the meatballs come out of the oven, put them in the sauce and let them simmer and absorb the sauce for 10-15 minutes more. Move them around every few minutes because they may not all fit in the sauce. Sauce will reduce.
But, Dr. Shailja Chaturvedi, psychiatrist and president of the Australian Indian Medical Graduates Association, warns against pushing children too hard.
There isn’t too much for me to say on my post today.
This is one of the 3 vineyards we went to a wine tasting at on our honeymoon, Sonoita Vineyard. Beautiful place and they had some great wines. On the left side is a candied hibiscus flower that they put in the sparkling wine and when the glass is empty you eat it! It was cool, so cool that we bought a jar of them and will partake next month for our 1st anniversary.
In 1951, he joined Hradec Králové but an incident at 1953 May Day parade would result in the Communist Party forcing him to leave the city.
(The other half is going to be posted tonight)
Hept - 6136 - Donovan Kilmartin, Texas - '04
My eyes are continually weeping.
Evidence of this hegemony and part of the reason this hegemony has been so complete and powerful is that White Westerners have had an near monopoly when it comes to holding positions of power, authority and influence in Christianity. For centuries the most prominent and influential theologians, leaders, speakers and Christian communities have been White Westerners, most of them male.
I have to agree with the concept behind the name, 2009 was the year the market finally corrected a bit. Anything over 7,000 on the Dow is inflated to me, but hey, I'm a lawyer not an investment broker. Looks like I'll get to sue a lot of them, though.
Please contact the Washington office of either Representative DeFazio (202-225-6416) or Representative Rehberg (202-225-3211) to learn more about the Small Brewers Caucus and to join. Thank you for considering my request.
Debby
We can all understand that this conversation between the professor and the student seems intended for encouragement and motivation for Christians, or even people seeking truth. In doing all of this, I don’t want to tear it apart and say that the original conversation is a waste of time for people to read. It can be as enjoyable for someone to read as it is for someone to enjoy a political cartoon that completely trashes a certain politician or country or law. I understand that, but I felt motivated to try to speak as much truth into what I felt was relevant to the conversation as I could. If anything, this can maybe motivate an individual or two to dive deeper into the rabbit’s hole and seek what they are looking for.
Timothy John Coughlin, 42, New York, N.Y.
Not Good.
Two children begging in rags
-Depressed people are not as influential or successful as Gene Roddenberry, Isaac Asimov, Madame Curie, or even Christopher Nolan. You got to be dedicated to the nerdiness for that kind of success.
Chapstick. I can’t get along without it in normal, everyday life, so I’d definitely have to have it on Survivor.
Gets close to.
(Now there’s a thought: I wonder just how many revolutionaries of ages gone by were actually blokes with gender issues: Lenin, Trotsky/ Surely not Stalin!)
Sort of
Culinary melting pot
See, Ossetia would be part of Georgia again, and with Ossetians fled (or dead) no more problems!
Needless to say it was a bit challenging to find a nice consistent pace, when you have to dodge and dart your way through a crowd of people, and hope no one cuts you off or trips you in the process! Between you and me, I did dish out the odd elbow when someone was getting a little too pushy. Overall though, I felt much fitter and stronger than last year, which is really positive! Official results for this year have not yet been posted, but I am pretty confident that we finished right around the 60 minute mark (my time last year was 1:06). I did struggle with some knee pain in the later part of the race, so I’m going to make a point to see a physio or athletic therapist about it so my training does not get derailed. I don’t think it’s anything too major — fingers crossed.
Having talked at such length of violence and struggle, I fear I may leave readers with the impression that this novel is ponderous and depressing—a tough read. In fact, in Sweeter Than All the World, Rudy Wiebe has created a warm, intimate, and very readable portrait of a complex and engaging man, facing a dilemma which is of immediate interest to us all. If the attendant partial survey of humankind’s brutality is unblinking, it is, nevertheless an exhilarating experience to have stared such a beast in the eye, and still come away filled with the sense of hope and comfort that this book imparts.
By a dirty old shack
I got to the airport in plenty of time, not trusting everything to be ok. It was, of course. But my first flight was delayed, leaving me 50min between flights in Copenhagen. Just enough to get from one gate to the other. And then my next flight was delayed, but only after we had boarded, but that was ok, because the flight from Frankfurt was also delayed. By the time I got onto the last flight I was knackered and ready to kill. And I sat down in the wrong seat, but that was a good thing, as I ended up getting isle seat on an emergency exit row. But I still only slept one hour..
In this compelling and funny book, Frazer reveals his own thoughts and feelings when faced with stardom at an early age, the pressure of being an early 'media celebrity', his love of horses and cricket, and what it was actually like to date, marry and divorce some of the most eligible and beautiful women to have crossed stage and screen in the last 40 years.
Level 9: MP Cost: 30, Damage: 334%, Attacks up to 6 enemies.
3. Paris, Texas
=QuadBrent(FunctionName, Ak, Bk, Coefficients, Max error = 1E-14, Max iterations = 20, Subroutine = 1, Xtol 1e-14)
That one guy and I were starting, I thought, to get serious. It was must have been NYE ’07, and I had never cared for New Years, but was excited to ring this one in with this wonderful new man in my life. I’d also never purchased lingere before, like, pretty, sexy lingere. SO I went to Victoria’s Secret, picked up a sexy little thing, and then went and got 3 bottles of champagne, because I figured that was about how much I would need to get the courage to wear the lingere. I had plans to go to a party with friends from high school, but was going to meet up with my man before the stroke of midnight. Because I’m not completely stupid I remained sober while at that party, because I knew I would have to drive to his house later on in the evening and I had no intention of letting a DUI spoil my evening. But, midnight came and went, and I was still at my party. Calls and texts went unanswered. I ended up driving home around 1:30 in the morning and sleeping solo. Happy Fucking New Year. The next morning, on my way to open the shop I picked up orange juice to go with the 3 bottles of champagne I had in my trunk. I also tossed the little pink bag carrying the unworn lingere. Burning it would have been more satisfying, but explaining the flaming heap of black lace would have been difficult. I still had no new messages, missed calls, and I stopped checking. I put my phone in my purse, rather than it’s usual spot in my pocket. I was beyond caring at this point. I popped the first bottle of champagne. I would end up drinking two of the 3 bottles that day. I wound up on the hood of my car for a while. Just laying there in the nice January sunshine, feeling sorry for myself. He showed up later that afternoon. I had become comfortably numb. He approached me outside, and I just turned around and walked back in. He came to the counter, I answered the phone. We did this little dance for a few minutes and he finally gave up and left. Anyone in their right mind would have stuck with the silent treatment I already had going. I however, was not in my right mind. I was in love.
Catalog#: AMBT 7
Many of the health and weight problems we struggle with can be traced straight to the colon. Most people carry around 5 to 15 pounds of impacted, parasite-infested fecal matter. But there are steps you can easily take to ensure a healthy colon and lose weight at the same time.
Raise Yourself Up
She was delighted by the turnout on the opening night – the torrential rain ceased, the clouds parted and bright sunrays were beaming down over 33 Chatsworth Road.
Now I'm not much of a white shirt wearer (for me they're a rare piece in my wardrobe, rather than an everyday occurence) but here are a few tips from my point of view on how to wear a classic white shirt:
Now I am not so sure what make this soap base so special to do this technique and not sure why you cannot use any particular melt and pour base. But you can purchase a 2-lb. Swirlz (clear) for $7.80 directly from Go Planet Earth. The ingredinets for the clear soap base are Water, Sorbitol, Propylene Glycol, Sodium Stearate, Glycerin, Sodium Tallowate, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Sodium Laurate, Sodium Cocoyl Isethionate, Sodium Cocoate, Triethanolamine.
Incidentally, Tblisi also literally means “warm spring”. According to legend, the present-day territory of Tbilisi was once covered by forests and King Vakhtang I Gorgasali went hunting in these woods with a falcon. The King’s falcon was trying to catch a pheasant during the hunt when both birds fell into a nearby hot spring. King Vakhtang became so impressed when both birds got cooked in the hot springs that he decided to cut down the forest and build a city on the location. The name ‘Tbili’ or ‘Tbilisi’ (‘warm location’) was therefore given to the city because of the area’s numerous sulphuric hot springs that came out of the ground.
-Now you open your underwear drawer to find granny panties and nursing bras
notebook
So here she is.... Please meet....Loann....
St Job has long been revered as a worker of miracles. The Altar Crosses in the churches of the Staritsa monastery and the Tver cathedral contained particles of his holy relics.
grace and peace,
Tip: Follow their lead as far as hours go and take breaks with colleagues to better know them. Not eating with your crew will put a big fat 'outsider' label on your back from day one and hinder your integration. If you don't dig eating with your colleagues every day, try to make it a point to go with them at least once a week so they don't get hard feelings.
In Hull, I guess that qualifies him for sainthood?
Back from France and over six months pregnant, I feel now is the time to give up our secret identities.
Recept: That would be 'Who', Sir.
Just a quick post to inform you that my dear blogging friend Tuli is having the most awesome Valentine's Day Giveaway! You really should check it out and sign up to participate - the prize is spectacular!
stand ... rather like someone going to the block in the
Between December 8th and the 21st when the price increase kicked in, Seven had sold 255 books, with 14 borrows on top of that, and Stir had sold 222. Reasonably neck-and-neck.
Not the same as the Chanter Sisters' Sideshow, let's say that first off, but a loping reggae cover of Blue Magic's US hit by Biggs, who for his big showcase has chosen an all pink version of the sort of ruffed outfit being exhibited over on ITV's The Comedians, albeit they'd have other reference points for all pink suits. Must be said, while the organ solo isn't exactly Ansell Collins the orchestra give reggae a better going than they gave Althea & Donna just over a year later, but Biggs without the record's production effects is just a large man with a receding afro and huge bow tie pacing back and forth singing in awkward falsetto. Halfway through, as it's Christmas, the director lets the cameraman plough right through the thick of the audience just like he used to, mowing at least six people down on his way. "Congratulations to Barry" Noel says afterwards for no good reason. It's his job to sing like that.
Such joy wrapped around the pain
I have a hard time believing that we are at the one year mark since Max's kidney transplant. I still have to remind myself of the rollercoaster ride that we were on just a short year ago. Believe it or not, I barely remember life before July 8, 2010. The dialysis and endless meds seem like a lifetime ago. Fighting to keep Max alive was what got us out of bed every day. When I look back on some of my past blog posts, I have a hard time believing that that was me writing those words. I feel like I am looking into someone else's life and can't believe what that family has gone through to get their little boy to where he is today. Then I realize that that was our life. All of the surgeries, hospital stays and visits, dialysis treatments, tests, therapy sessions, blood draws, the sleepless nights and all of the tears- we lived that. Not only did we live it, but we survived it, and I am so proud of who we have become because of the journey that we chose to live. It was a journey of struggle and heartache, but it was also a journey of determination and love for one little boy. A little boy who has taught us more in his three years of life than we have learned in our 28-30 years of life.
May He support us all the day long, till the shades lengthen and the evening comes, and the busy world is hushed, and the fever of life is over, and our work is done. Then in His mercy may He give us a safe lodging, and a holy rest and peace at the last.
Later that day we celebrated my Mom's birthday. I won't say which one although the cake may give it away. ;)
2/1 vs. Toronto, W 100-64 (W -9.5), Under
Even bigger news: Today is Cameron's First Birthday! Even through all of the trials and heartache we are going through I could absolutely not ask for a better child. He is such an incredible blessing in our family and I don't know where I would be with out him!
Then when everything was back in working order, I braved a call to Orange to cancel my cell phone. I told the lady that I needed service until the end of June. She cheerily told me that my service would end May 23. I gulped, told her that I had not expressed myself properly (knowing full well that I needed to accept the blame for any misunderstanding). No problem. Hold the line. She returned and told me that she had taken care of it and my phone would be working until the end of July. Rather than try to get a third ending date, I said thank you, hung up, and now I'm hoping that I can call back later and try again. Because you see, I have to close my bank account before we go and I can only imagine the kind of hell that will rain down on me if Orange tries to tap my closed bank account.
Beyond my discomfort with an 8-year-old boy in the woman’s restroom, how does this make him feel? Here he is, having to stand with his MOTHER in the WOMAN’s bathroom. I can only imagine how mortified he would have been should a classmate or friend had seen him. What must he think his mother’s opinion of him is that he can not either use the men’s room alone, or that he could not stand outside the restroom area, waiting for his family.
The quilt is made up of 144 courthouse steps blocks. I am assembling them in "16-patch" sections with no-two-fabrics-alike in each segment, which means I need nine 16-patches to complete the top. I finished another set of blocks and now just have to sew them together to make the 16-patch segment.
16 Ye did not choose Me, but I chose you, and have appointed you, that ye should go and bear fruit, and that your fruit should abide: that whatsoever ye shall ask of the Father in My name, He shall give you.
1. Burl Ives - Lavender Cowboy
Grilled Bronzino (Seabass) Served With
DiCarlo’s is unlike any other pizza. It is sold by the piece or by the tray. The pizza dough is first baked in several different ovens,of varying degrees, the result being a very crisp bottom with a tender top . (I love the corner pieces. Before the last baking, the sauce is applied and heated. It does not soak the crust and remains just a layer. The crust and sauce is then removed and put in the red and white DiCarlo’s box. Cheese and slices of pepperoni are added. The lid is slammed shut and the intense heat inside steams the cheese and pepperoni, causing it to become the stringy cheese that most desire, with the pepperoni tender and not hard baked.
Many is the time she has told me a story about someone and I've said, vulture-like, "Can I have that or are you going to use it?" The answer is usually no but that's fine.
The first demo in 2004,the promo-cd in 2006 and our m-cd "Expanding the Massacre" in 2007 by Reverb Records, also liveshows all over Greece took place all those years and the most important was as a support act for VADER in Thessaloniki.
6. Hope I don't sit next to a laptop maniac.
Hélène and Peter will share our plans for the pups we hope to welcome to the WCC in the next couple of months, and how you can be part of the event. And, as always, Wolf Pup Wednesday is a great opportunity to enjoy Le Chateau's fabulous, less-expensive French bistro fare in a cozy, casual atmosphere with a spectacular view.
*If you are not a fan of Nutella, almonds or raisins, you can replace them for things you like!
Pro-Ject your dreams TODAY
The PC which was built for me in 2004, was top of the line at the time. It should run anything that came out within about two years of them with ease, but I can't even get World of Warcraft to boot up properly any more, so you can imagine it's not exactly cruising along.
Team anna please remember we the people of India need activists like you, let few cynics criticize, let the corrupt spread rumors and provoke. Don’t get provoked.
If you are looking for a different sort of Amish—a historical, instead of contemporary—then THE HEART’S FRONTIER is a book you might want to consider. It is interesting, and it held my attention all the way to the end. I never would have thought of mixing Amish and the Wild West—but it worked for these two talented authors. Discussion questions and an exerpt from the next book in this series, A Plain and Simple Heart is included at the end of the book. $13.99. 296 pages.
We had planned to go to the rifle range today - when we went to bed, the forecast called for cloudy and breezy with a "30% chance of rain after 11AM". When the crazy cat woke me for breakfast at 6:30, I could hear the rain dripping off the roof. When I got out of bed for good, it was really raining hard. We need the inch of rain we got, but I could use some range time. It has rained virtually all day.
In part two of the full DVD, he critiques various disciplines, both mystical and psychotherapeutic, which are said to lead to states of enlightenment. He proposes that states of enlightenment, if they are to be attained, must be gained in spite of–not because of–meditation, devotion, prayer, acceptance, forgiveness, or compassion. Stripped of all our pretenses, facing the despair of the human condition, freed of the imaginary diseases from which “enlightenment” may save us, we can build realistic and practical lives.
Posted By: George Harvey
Empty the dustpan, poison the moth,
Sophisticated Finishes: Rust Antiquing Solution, Iron Metallic Surfacer (used on the lock - irl it really looks like an old rusty lock)
As with primates, so with humans.
The first questioner asks “Was it the case when you were writing Riddley Walker that you were in analysis and you would take along chapters to read aloud?”
"The risk is always there. There is always lots of tinder about and there are a lot of unresolved issues, including Abyei," said Derek Plumbly, chairperson of the Assessment and Evaluation Commission that monitors the north-south peace deal.
I was wondering how the title was going to be collected. Trade collections of recent work tends not to cost significantly less than the monthly issues, and sixteen issues of Fatale works out to $56, probably far too much for impulse purchases.
An outfit to travel in
We had a blast shopping. We always do. And we are terrible at shopping together ... because we are so good at it! New running clothes for all I say! And you could tell I was in post-run celebration mode when I actually had enough oomph in me to put on the sunglasses (very incognito, right?) and go into "that" store to check out a Prefontaine shirt I saw in the window. I may have bought it ... if it wasn't in "that" store. After shopping I had to visit the Coach again to get my things. At one point in the day - as I was trying to sleep on his couch - I caught him smirking. I don't even want to know why! My memory of the night is a bit sketchy. Oops.
While Annabelle’s problem in the first book was dealing with a trend that became too popular (a rather nice problem to have), here she had to deal with a birthday party that became less popular every time the reader turns the page. Yet regardless of the different arcs, the themes of the two books are still similar. If our initial creative vision creates problems, we need to be resilient and come up with new ideas. In the end, it is our creative vision that allows us to express our individuality.
3.) Baggie
As long as it occasionally does happen, hope springs eternal among those below that they will eventually join those on top. On top, not one rung up from the current level or even somewhere in the middle. While the American Dream has traditionally been measured by home ownership, of late, it is mansion ownership, and the lifestyle of the rich and famous that goes with it: ostentatious displays of luxury goods, tax breaks and shelters, celebrity. A purgatory in which ownership of a Lexus or Mercedes Benz (bought on credit) is a possibility for middle class “millionaires in waiting” makes failure to ascend endurable, even if it lasts forever. Always the possibility of a reward here!
The book’s format, with a chapter for each principle, allows you to pick up the book and focus on the topic of greatest need or interest at this moment in time. Taking the time to master your business is essential, and this book can help you do just that. You can learn more about the Victory Circles program and philosophy at www.victorycircles.com.
- remove the back of the duvet from the front
But some stupid with a flare gun
The full team met at Northwood Station, two of us waiting in the cosy waiting room for the third, and made our way to Mount Vernon Hospital, to begin our journey to Ealing Hospital. There seems to have been some new building since I spent some time visiting the burns unit in 1987, but we did not linger to explore, as a 282 was ready to go. It was a double decker, somewhat to our surprise and delight.
Well, the time has come that I can no longer procrastinate or make excuses, it’s time to start taking this marathon thing serious. I allowed myself to “do whatever” until 12 weeks before the race, but once that time came I had to stick to my plan.
11/15 - OG was only 1.081 which means I got about 58% efficiency, which is bad. I had problems hitting my mash temp, was around 160˚ for awhile, so that is part of it. Chilled the wort down to about 68˚ and racked onto yeast cake from spice ale at about 1pm.
Her idea of bloggers and real people having an innate populist talent for creating well designed and beautifully decorated spaces jibed with my own feelings. She also included personal back stories about each home she chose to photograph and write about, and this makes the book have depth. And that she traveled to each location, and each home, and got to know each space, each town or city, and each home owner, this certainly adds another layer of personality and richness."
Thermometer
Then I had work. When I had my lunch break I was this close to getting me something unhealthy and calorie-laden. I really just wanted something fried for some stupid reason. HOWEVER, I work with a girl who has a crazy nice lower body, the type that I am striving to get, and I looked at her nice calves and thought, No, that greasy nastiness is not gonna go in my body today because that is what I want my legs to look like, damn it. So thank you, co-worker, for unknowingly aiding me in making a good decision today. The decision to eat that same salad that I always do. Food ended up being all on plan today again. :)
Perhaps I’m a Tin Man.
Oh and I saw a photo of Ted and the Slutty Pumkin (Katie Holmes) on Tumblr:
Following the D&C, it was the doctor’s recommendation that I proceed with the LEEP procedure as soon as possible. This upcoming Monday the pre-cancerous cells will be removed from my cervix, hopefully for good.
Just a follow up post on the Eco Tools Traincase, this is the newest collection from Eco Tools' Spring Line from Alicia Silverstone. As you can see they have re-vamped the design of these bags. They are of course made of eco-friendly materials such as natural hemp, non-toxic inks, and tree-free paper. Also made of bamboo, recycled plastic, steel and aluminum, soybean oil, and crushed walnuts.
A microwavable bowl with cover (The Pampered Chef Rice cooker or the new Round Baker (stoneware) both work well)
I've got more boxes to sell! I've gotten a few emails wondering what the heck in inside my Left over Box O'Goodies. To make it easier I've done a quick video sharing with you what's inside these boxes. The box shown in the video is one that is for sale and the others are very similar to this one.
That, more than anything, is the strength of this film. These are real people going through real problems and trying to deal with them in a real way. I never got the sense that I was watching movie caricatures or allegorical characters. These people are real and human and tragic.
Records — Bronxville 10-1; Rye 6-1.
One of the most apparent side effects of social media is narcissism. Everything we post is all about us. Where we've been, what we're doing, what we're eating and where we're at. It seems that with this so much flexibility and liberty on a social networking site that we tend to forget - manners. We like to broadcast ourselves on just about everything.
The media will continue to lie, we can't change that as it is in the nature of the beast. We can not save lost souls and it would be a waste of time to try. When the multi-cultural Hell they have helped create implodes, as it unquestionably will, they, the media, will be the last believers, staggering through the smoking ruins clutching microphones and croaking “Diversity is our strength!” through melting mascara, as everything collapses around them.
Pest operate also involves cleaning your house. These insects wish food in order to live. They stay close to their food sources. That goes without saying that your kitchen is one of the hotspots for pests. So make sure you don’t leave food lying out in the open. Buy mesh umbrellas that you can use to cover your food while waiting for guests.
I finally settled for a coffee ice cream "something-or-other" with dark chocolate chips - no stick.
No one can say for sure, but my opinion is that female Colorado Springs Police Officer Sydney Huffman is a lying cunt pig of the highest order. Just look at her picture – she looks like a stuck up bitch full of herself. Now imagine her with a badge and a gun, and on the rag, a woman scorned.
Reasons:
However, my WIPs and my finishes are getting rather out of sync! I’m very aware that I’ve shared a few WIPs that may then seem to have disappeared off the face of the earth!
Chand’s charming story is accompanied by equally cute drawings by Sarah Shaw. The pictures remind me of the styles used in comic books, which I think is quite appropriate given the premise that Honey is a superhero. Honey gives little ones the feel of comic book “save the day” heroes, minus the “bam”, “pow”, and “crack” of comics for older kids and adults.
The Boston Globe
"agonist" index, with the nastiness of a Haitian voodoo doll. Hence
I came across this design on Pinterest last week, and when clicking over to see the resource I was taken to Houzz, where someone suggested this lamp might have been made from a 1940's vase. What a fantastic idea, if you can't find just the right lamp, how about looking for a vase and put your DIY skills to work! (Or find a great lamp shop to work with like Naomi's here in Portland.)
613 D-III/29/1971. “A Lecture Against Lectures: Some Suggestions for Faculty Seminars.” American Association of University Professors Chapter, Rosary College, River Forest, Illinois.
Davies' last venture was The Sarah Jane Adventures, which ended last year. Another Davies production is also in the works to be shown in the US.
EW: Does this mean publicity in today’s marketplace is irrelevant?
This month we have a super cute and fun pets set and then we have a darling, little girl set. I have given you a few sneak peeks throughout last week, but today you get to see the full sheet of images for BOTH sets!
Understand this, my dear brothers and sisters: You must all be quick to listen, slow to speak, and slow to get angry. James 1:19 (NLT)
The list goes on.
Although there are still six weeks to go before D&P are required to make their proposals, they must by now have a good idea as to how they are to achieve their statutory goals, or if these are unattainable.
While chicken is baking, cook spaghetti according to package directions. Serve chicken and sauce over spaghetti.
Santana/ Rusted Root
Somehow, Emma still hasn’t been read. I am currently reading Jane’s minor works and plan to read Emma by the end of summer. I finished Lady Susan just the other day. At the moment I’ve almost half finished Love and Friendship. I’ll be borrowing Sanditon from a friend and I think I’ll be done.
And that brings us up to speed. :)
Lets start with Yellow Pear Tomato Preserves
Once we have regained the use of our legs, realised that day is night and night is day, and established that the locals can’t pronounce the letter ‘e’, what else would we do other than pile everything and everyone back into a plane, which in my humble opinion is as healthy a thing to do as lick the anus of a leper, and fly to another city. Not just any city, but a city recently flattened by a massive earthquake. Where we will spend 3 days presumably sightseeing sights that no longer exist. With a toddler.
I did all the flowers myself. I stopped by Sam's and seriously bought them out of white flowers. Then, I looked for anything "plum"...and then picked up a few green stems, greenery, and baby's breath. I think I spent about $150 all together and I was able to make 10 mini arrangements for the head table, a large arrangement for the food table, and 10 more "small" arrangements for the guest tables...I also make 22 tussy mussy bouquets that went down the center aisle in the sanctuary. (I wasn't in the ceremony, so I don't have any pictures yet. BOO. I made 30 of the tussy mussies (paper cones with a ribbon handle)...I'll have to do a post on them when I get some pictures from the photographer.)
Lots & lots of ice cubes - as many as will fit in your martini shaker
Larry Shuttleworth
Consider this a public service announcement to all young girls and adults who write for young girls. Words of wisdom from thirty-year-old me to the sixteen-year-old in all of us.
The National Portrait Gallery confirmed its 16th Century date, but were unable to identify the subject. The Latin inscription reads ‘Aged 21, 1585,’ three years earlier than the Grafton portrait. The poet, Christopher Marlowe, attended Corpus Christi, and was 21 in 1585, the year he completed his BA and began his MA. Students with money often had a portrait made of themselves at this time.
OTR to MP3 – July 9th, 2011, Shore Leave 33:
If you choose to eat animal products - and I am going to include milk in this because, believe me, there is nothing natural about cows being milked twice a day for years on end, nothing at all - it is your responsibility to eat ethically, especially if you are then going to lecture others on what they choose to eat.
Overall, I liked the movie: it's hard for me to find fault with something so pretty, and most of it felt genuine. However, I can't shake the sitcom-y aura that pervaded some of the scenes. That, combined with the above faults, made me wonder if this movie would have ever been greenlit without the girl-meets-girl storyline. Interestingly enough, I read on IMDb that the script was originally written as a heterosexual love story. Yeah, that doesn't surprise me at all.
All Mommy could see were merely hollow boxy indentations or cave-ins, whatever you call it and Bertie is nowhere to be seen! Darn! Even the leaflet of specifications indicated that there is supposed to be a Bertie Bus included!
Whilst trying to remember the rhyme that I'd sang in school many moons ago, I asked my twitter buds how it went. There were a couple of variations, One was to catch a tiger and the other an Indian. I remember the rhyme below as the one I sang in school.
One morning a few months ago, my four-year-old greeted her Pre-K teacher with “It’s a miracle!”
I just thought I'd get a head start on my New Years resolutions and just do my blog redesign already-- something I had been wanting to do since switching to Blogger, when I went with the pre-made template until I could come up with something a little more personal.
If you find it hard to make the hole with the wire, you can use a large sewing needle.
You can leave now, my work here is done.
Let no man say when he is tempted, I am tempted of God: for God cannot be tempted with evil, neither tempteth he any man: – James 1:13 KJV
I got to my aunt's house at around 7 after taking my breakfast at McDs. She wasn't around by then - probably somewhere in the middle of the honking mess that is KL's rush hour traffic - but I had the keys to the apartment.
Alex and his droogie friends in A Clockwork Orange spend their slack time in the Korova milk bar drinking Moloko, or "milk-plus" --the "plus" being any one of a selection of near-futuristic designer drugs. Moloko may not contain actual alcohol, but the added vellocet, synthemesc or drencrom make Alex feel "knifey." Anything that leads to stomping hobos, putting the smackdown to random academics and leaving a newsstand covered in blood is apt to be pretty strong (and a long way from making risque jokes at the office party).
I’ll say no more—I have to face
Momma P's Chicken Soup
Maybe Gell has never had to take a job at the start of his career to get his foot in the door in an industry, but as a late-20 something, I know the feeling of being in a job where you know you can do more and are trying to make that a reality. I’m sure Gell has a diatribe ready to take down Jim Henson for starting his career in commercial making and how that colors everything he ever did.
Everything we do changes our brains. So, if there's something we are doing differently now, compared with how we did it previously, our brains will be changing or have changed to reflect that. If readers' brains are changing and if reading behaviours are changing, surely this will matter for writers?
“My antidote to nerves is preparation. Know your topic.” – Jim Pappandrea
OK, now go back to the previous picture and notice the legs, or actually feet. See that it is plain, and square?
We'll never know if different care would have changed the outcome. Maybe it would have been the same and he would have died no matter what we did. But maybe he would have had a chance if I'd been more knowledgeable; if she'd have been more aggressive.
The first is a bit of a prequel focusing on Chime, one of the series main character's good friends who went through something of a change before The Cloud Roads opens. "Adaptation" is the story of how Chime went from being a Mentor in the Raksura community to its newest Warriors. Quite a thing when you develop wings nearly overnight. Definitely a must-read for those who have read the first book. The second is also a prequel. "The Forest Boy" is about the starring character Moon from a time when he was very young and very alone.
Alderman Griffiths was local-born and headmaster of nearby primary school, Fir Tree Lane. Mr.Walker lived in Hamstead Garden Suburb. Peter Griffiths lost his seat in March 1966 to Andrew Faulds (Labour) who lived in Stratford –upon-Avon!
Another option are juice bars. Pack in those micronutrients with your fresh pressed fruit or veggie juices.
The needle looked clean, it did, but so do many of mine if I get a clean hit or have to transfer the gear to another needle for some reason. And of course now Marge had plucked off the orange cap and broken the seal which is the only other means to verify it by once it's out it's wrapper. It was too late. My situation was this: half my bag of heroin was in a needle I had doubts about, and the rest of the bag was in Marge's syringe which was 100% dirty. The gear was gone. I finally convinced myself I must be wrong and rolled my sleeve up and stuck my arm out. Without even using a tourniquet Marge looked over my arm. He was in a hurry. “Ah, there's a nice fat vein sitting up right there... I'll get that without even tickling ya!”
What that means for e-books is that all of the same people have to be paid, with the single exception of the printers. Why do e-books still cost $10 and $15, when there is no paper involved? Because it still has to be written, edited, designed, and sold. Barnes & Noble and Amazon take their cut regardless of the books medium.
Prepare a medium hot grill. Grill the vegetables on each side until the slices are tender, but take care not to overcook. Remove from grill, carefully arrange on a platter, and sprinkle with a pinch of red pepper flakes. Arrange grilled vegetables on a platter or plates. Just before serving, slightly drizzle with lemon juice, strew with chopped olives, add a few goat cheese crumbles or a grating of parm, and scatter your herb of choice over the grilled fare.
It was a story based on an assignment I had given in class: Take a myth or fairy tale and place it in a modern day setting.
And the Covenanted
The report said it was not clear whether the CIA intended to identify bin Laden’s “support network within Pakistan with the help of shared intelligence or wanted to rebuild the much-needed mutual trust for moving forward.”
After a hiatus of many years I have decided to perform again. Probably not the wisest of ideas but who gives a fuck.
While the "not so tropical" part was intentional, in the course of baking this recipe I had an unintended crumble fail. In the end, my dessert didn't bear a very close resemblance to the way I imagine this recipe was supposed to turn out.
Happy Weekends to all!
Iceland ranks: 1st (9.7)
I stood before the grave of William Losze, 1888-1952.
Jackson L, Stewart L, Solomon S, et al. Risk of infection with hepatitis A, B or C, cytomegalovirus, varicella or measles among child care providers. Pediatr Infect Dis J 1996; 15: 584-589.
It could be argued that I lack social intelligence, but I don’t think this is really the case. I’m almost always aware of my lapses, so it’s not that I’m oblivious or incapable of being more polite. But I have started to do things unintentionally. Someone introduced themselves to me the other day and only later did I realize that I never told them my name. I hadn’t done it because I didn’t care if they knew my name, but even for me that was a bit much. I can bother to tell people my name. It doesn’t mean I have to go to their kid’s bat mitzvah.
The city has carried out a campaign to intimidate and vilify protesters, claiming that protests lead to violence. In fact, the main source of violence in the world today is the wars being waged by NATO and the US.
nut
The “Concerto for orchestra” be Witold Lutoslawski is very difficult and complicated for musicians and conductor too – any way – we had really a lot of fun with working and making ART together.
Durable Design with 2 Heavy-Duty Carrying Handles
All My Friends... is McMurtry's sixth book, but it has the easy flowing, autobiographical feel of a younger work. Our hero is Rice student and aspiring author, Danny Deck. On a spur-of-the-moment trip to Austin, Danny wakes up on a floor next to the beautiful (and super tall) Sally, and instantly falls in love with her. He steals her away from her drunken professor lover and takes her back to Houston where they decide they might as well get married. Sally doesn't really like any of Danny's friends, or even Danny, all that much, and the two of them mostly have sex and sit around silently. Things change for Danny when he finds that his first novel is going to be published, and that Hollywood is interested in making a movie version. Flush with cash, the book turns into a road trip when Sally and Danny leave behind Danny's sultry neighbor and motherly friend and head to San Francisco where their relationship falls even further apart at the same rate that Sally's pregnant belly grows. Things go down and up and down again and end up back in Texas. Because how could you not go back?
Friday night I went to FHE, where we played "Psychiatrist" (and had SUCH a blast at it too!), then I went and played the piano for a while. When I was heading out, I somehow got into this conversation with this lady, her name is Ana. She speaks such little English, and I speak such little Russian that the whole conversation took a super long time to figure out. Basically what I got after about ten minutes of talking is that her name is Ana, she’s Maxim’s mom, she teaches piano (and loves it!), and had some music for me if I want to have it. There was a lot more between, like how I absolutely love music - Ya (I) OCHEN (VERY) lyoublyou (love) musik! (music!), or how Maxim learned piano for three years, but then didn’t like it so quit. I really loved talking to Ana, I could tell she enjoyed the conversation too. Eventually someone came and asked if we needed a translator. I asked Ana, and I think she said that she didn’t; It was too fun trying to talk to her and recall the oh-so-few words that I even know in Russian. He translated a little anyways, saying that Ana didn’t know when she could get the music to me because she hardly ever sees me. We figured next Friday at FHE would work perfectly. We all headed out together and Ana and Maxim ended up walking me almost all the way home. Maxim didn't talk much, but Ana talked enough for the both of them :) We talked and laughed and learned words the whole way. My perception of the “gift of tongues” has definitely changed after my conversation with her. I in no way was able to fluently talk to her, but the “language barrier” between us seemed to be quite broken as I forged this new friendship even without understanding hardly a thing being said. That night, I had some great conversations with Lena and Sasha and George-o. We talked about how sometimes you can say something and people don’t understand it, but
In 2003, I spoke with Justice Falerdeau, and with the two lawyers involved in this case. It was clear that Justice Falerdeau's decision was based on the evidence before him. It was not even considered that having an autistic child was anything less than devastating. It was not even considered that Charles-Antoine was anything but the burden described by the President of Montreal's autism society. Everyone saw Charles-Antoine as a burden. No one questioned this. And in the media, Ms Lahaie implied that he was better off dead--happy, to be murdered.
Sometimes I curse my parents for moving to Arizona when I was a baby.
View our Arcon Recruitment for similar vacanices www.arconrecruitment.com
Coat the inside of a 9 inch pie dish with non-stick spray. Squeeze the rest of the water out of the spinach and place it in the bottom of the dish along with the cooked mushrooms and feta cheese... in no particular order.
Be sure to leave your comment by before Friday at 12:01 a.m. EST.
I shared my struggles with a close friend. But as my thoughts consumed me I hid them from her so she couldn’t help me.
I'm pretty sure I've regaled you guys with tales of how hard it is to wake him up in the morning. For sure, I know I've shared with you the stories of how hard it is to have a kid who suffers from depression. I've told you what it was like when he tried to kill himself at the ripe old age of 13.
I'd spotted a fairly fresh plank of wood about six feet long, two feet wide, and three inches thick, lying in the yard of the farmhouse as we approached, so I came up with the idea that perhaps we could lay the plank lengthwise across the top of the steps and crawl our way up. Jane's first attempt at laying any weight on the board caused a groan of the old woodwork underneath so severe that I insisted on attempting to reinforce it from below with several odd-length two-by-fours I'd also spotted in the yard outside. (We worked quietly in the light of early dawn, aware that to be caught rooting around like children in the old farmhouse against her grandfather's wishes would earn us a severe talking-to.)
My mind wandering back in the past,
2. Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The: Mark Twain
above it all
I grew up not knowing most of my family, I knew them by reputation only and their reputations proceeded them. So compelling were their reps that though I didn't even know them, still they had a great influence on me. They were always with me.... I had no faces to attach to them, scarcely any memories to go with them, only the stories. And the stories weren't many, but they were very intriguing! But my mom refused to talk about her family, so I didn't ask.
R&D Design Engineer
Apparently I'm less than perfect too.
Another thing the young Miss Kerri gave me was a love of good stories, this was the first of quite a few we shared over the years. We were both way ahead in our reading, leaving "Are you my mother?' style books behind really quickly.
The New Black Panther Party has issued a wanted poster and 10k bounty for Zimmerman.
I can't.
10. When I was a kid I thought the following statement was hilarious: I thought it was a booger, but its snot... Yep, still do.
Why do we put so much trust into a book that was pieced together hundreds of years ago? Its been translated a countless amount of times. Who made the decisions about what to leave out and what to include?
Tonight I also hemmed a skirt I made the other day but I'll save that for another post. I'll have to get a photo of me actually wearing it first!
Paul’s Concern and Joy -The integrity of Paul’s gospel was not the only avenue by which he was accused, his ability to care for the church and his inability to return to them only fed the fire of accusation. Paul now relates his endeavors to make his way back to them citing demonic influence as the primary hindrance. Although Paul reveals Satan as the reason for his delay in coming to them, he no doubt has in mind many of the Jewish leaders (Act 17:13). Paul reiterates that his concern is real and that he fears that their afflictions might have tempted them to renege on their beliefs reminding them that to suffer is part and parcel with Christianity (vv.3-4). However, Paul does not dwell long on this note and proves that his words a few verses before were sincere (vv.19-20), and now he tells them of his joy in hearing word from Timothy that they are prospering.
* Foods of a particular (French) flavor
Saute onions in oil on medium heat for about 10 minutes, add the garlic and bay leaves and cook another 5 minutes. Add the beef and clove(s) and raise the heat to high, continuing to cook until the meat is cooked, about 15-20 minutes. Drain the excess fat and remove the berry(s). Add the wine and tomato paste, turning down the heat back to medium - medium high. Cook until almost all the wine has cooked off, then add the can of tomatoes, salt and pepper, cinnamon, and oregano. Turn off heat and let rest.
And she's getting a bit squirrely.
6 oz mixture of Spinach and Arugula/Rocket leaves
Donna
Overall Stats:
With all the students gathered in the Hall,
Author: YASMINE YAHYA
It all started with one mailing.
I do think NBC did many strange scheduling things this year. I never understood relegating Grimm to Friday once all their fall offerings had flopped before it premiered. Their Wednesday scheduling all year has been somewhat perplexing. But the one thing that I really didn’t understand was not using The Voice results show to either launch Awake or at the very least not deprive Parenthood a full season and strong lead in. This is one of their best performers at 10 and easily their most critically acclaimed drama. Cutting the order made no sense to me, but it would have really benefited NBC to at least let the final 4 eps air behind a Voice results show instead of Fashion Star which is completely squandering that lead in.
Now, go do your homework!
Another Friday wellness post. BOOM.
No matter how well you get along with your superiors. No matter how committed you are to their cause, their vision, or the mission. It doesn’t matter how much you’ve sacrificed in regards to your life for a company, you are baggage waiting to be catalogued in the excess bin. I don’t care if you’ve been invited to the yacht, if you baptized the CEO’s child or if you bore an illegitimate one after a “casual encounter” after hours in the toner room, you can get fired and no one is indispensable. No one. Not one person is exempt from this and it takes seeing good people getting canned after 10, 15 even 20 years working for the same place. True, there are some places that are much more respectful to loyalty, but when it all comes down… no one is safe my friends. Once the cow stops giving enough milk, no matter how hard she tries, there’s always a pneumatic hammer waiting to answer any questions you might have in regards to the farmer’s loyalty to his herd.
This week I also had my appointment with the nurse, the nurse who upset me 3 months ago and got me terrified of going back. So I’ve struggled with the thoughts over that as well.
also the day that my tastebuds, well, piss right off. Which, as you can imagine, is utterly screwing delightful. Then Friday – and, for that matter, Saturday – gets worse yet: the tiredness becomes worrying, and to be perfectly honest I’m pretty bloody useless at anything that doesn’t involve moaning or getting dizzy on my way for a piss. But y’know what? I can cope with all that stuff. What I’m struggling to cope with more and more, however, is when the blues kick in. And this time, after a 15% increase in the drugs administered to me, they kicked in a bit more than we’d seen on my first two chemos.
old clothes.
i am thankful for how he loves our girls. he truly was meant to be the daddy of girls. i love to watch him love them. with all of his kisses and hugs and bedtime stories he makes up for rayley beth about 'beauty the great'...and all of the other girly things he has to do.
I'm not looking for a perfect refinish. I actually like the look of minor alligatoring. The new finish still shows the imperfections; the imperfections just look prettier. These doors are almost 90 years old, I figure they should show a little history.
Today’s verse is:
Those who claim these are forged should ask UBS and HSBC to confirm that these accounts never existed and to make a statement that there was no letter of 23.05.07, commanding that the UBS Christoper Richard Barnes account should be held “on trust for Aman”.
Why do people just jump at unsubstantiated rumours like this? They fall apart if you just think hard enough.
Many “geeky” stereotypes are still associated with the IT industry – and they tend to be hideously untrue. Surely you’re familiar with the image of a sweaty geek, in a darkened basement, basking in the ominous glow of his computer monitor. He stares at lines upon lines of code, whilst snacking on stale chips and pizza. Soft drink and beer cans litter his desk – evidence that he has successfully avoided human contact beyond that of his favourite chat room.
Suddenly a thunderous explosion rocked the foundations I was standing on. For a moment I thought that the biblical doomsday had finally arrived, as clouds of black smoke became visible from the vicinity of Church Street. There was a brief moment of deadly silence followed by the sounds of speeding police vehicles, ambulances, and fire brigades rushing to the scene. Rush hour traffic turned to chaos that fateful day, and I cannot remember at what hour of the night I finally arrived home.
Then I found a wonderful website at Angel fire that tells of a water nymph who falls in love with Apollo, the sun God. He rejects her and she is sad. So the other Gods take pity on her and turn her into a sunflower...so now she can follow the sun God forever. Soo romantic....NOT!
Cardstock: PTI Rustic Cream; Stampin Up-Cherry Cobbler.
On Capitol Hill, the alliance is targeting lawmakers charged with overseeing the Federal Communications Commission, which is currently testing unlicensed devices to determine whether they cause interference. Specifically, the alliance intends to lobby the 70 lawmakers who wrote to the FCC to express their concern about unlicensed devices.
Megan – 12
I’ve told you that our son is in Shanghai, trying to learn Mandarin.
Time: 5:pm
Stamps: Delightful Dozen, Sweet Summer
VAIL, Colo. (AP) - A 60-year-old man is taking an 8-year-old boy and his dad to court, claiming the boy caused a ski-slope collision that left the older man with a shoulder injury.
add a dash of olive oil to a hot frying pan and cook salmon fillets to desired doneness on medium-low heat.
For the ginger molasses spice cookies, I began by combining the dry ingredients: flour, cinnamon, cloves, ginger, baking soda. Then I creamed together the butter and sugar with my hand mixer (since I don't have a Kitchenaid stand mixer) that is from approximately 1973, then added the eggs, then the molasses. Adding the dry ingredients into the wet proved difficult for my little hand mixer -- we lost a beater in battle, but I finished the dough by hand (and the one beater was fine for the lemon cream filling).
So I had to combine two of my loves into something special. I decided to make Emily a non traditional graduation card. I decided to first take the beautifull saying from The G45 Kraft Reflections Collection "Quote...Unquote" #4500474 and distressed the edges with Chesnut. I then went ahead and Used core'dinations Tim Holtz Kraft_Core Nostalgic Collection to 4 1/4x 5 1/2" to emboss and then sand:
The video that I shared above is a very interesting conversation between the regular Journey to Hope hosts and a chaplain that works in hospice care. In the course of the conversation with Cathy Chalmers, I was reminded of the power of presence. While in the midst of suffering, many search for questions. There is a tendency to want to provide easy answers. It is much more difficult, and I believe much more faithful, to allow someone to remain in the questions. To walk with someone in their trial is something I wrote one of my first blogs about. You can read it here.
But every once in awhile, I get a strong hankering for ice cream that’s extremely pervasive and cannot be taken care of by anything other than the smooth, creamy, ice cold stuff. For the past few weeks I’ve made sure we had a small carton of it in our freezer and have big Sub Zero Ice Cream plans next weekend. The other night I thought to myself, “I wish I had some ice cream” and then realized I totally had some in the kitchen, just steps away. That made for an excellent evening.
It’s been awhile since the opportunity to write has presented itself. This is a shame, as there have been quite a few memorable moments to comment upon. It’s pointless to try and catch up with the past. It’s scary at times how quickly today’s news becomes so yesterday. Luckily, this year’s upcoming presidential election provides plenty of current fodder to comment upon.
This reminds me of the old proverb about the fox and the scorpion. One day down by the lake, a scorpion asks the fox if he would ferry him over to the other side of the lake by riding on the foxes back. The fox refuses stating the scorpion would sting him and he would drown. The scorpion reasons with the fox that if that were true, then both would drown for scorpions cannot swim. The fox agrees and the scorpion crawls on the back of the fox. Halfway across the lake, the scorpion stings the fox. The fox asks why the scorpion did that for now both were going to die. The scorpion simply replied, I could not help it. It is my nature.
I wasn’t surprised as I walked away. I had become so tolerant it seems, desensitised by what used to make my heart bleed.
Delftware tile - Frying Pan Alley
I decided to stop at the moment to step back and decide what I want to do with my life. I don't look at college as the only option for creating a happy and successful life. If I decide to become an English teacher or a zoologist, then I'll be going back to College. If I decide to become a novelist, a world
"Bob, what airline you wanna take?"
Except past relics and old love poems,
must be experienced as adapted, as "recognizable." The material of the senses adapted by the understanding, reduced to rough outlines, made similar, subsumed under related matters. Thus the fuzziness and chaos of sense impressions are, as it were, logicized;
So...I gave the ring back and it wasn't until Oct 1981, when my dad was retiring from the Air Force and we were moving to Wisconsin that he allowed me to accept the ring. (We think his thinking on that was with us moving away, we might not stay engaged....after all, there isnt the convenience of cell phones, facebook, skype, and whatever else there is now-a-days to keep in constant communication with).
70. Francis Marion Tarwater's uncle had been dead for only half a day when the boy got too drunk to finish digging his grave and a Negro named Buford Munson, who had come to get a jug filled, had to finish it and drag the body from the breakfast table where it was still sitting and bury it in a decent and Christian way, with the sign of its Saviour at the head of the grave and enough dirt on top to keep the dogs from digging it up. —Flannery O'Connor, The Violent Bear it Away (1960)
The Model T liberated millions of people who had never traveled more than 12 miles from their homes. That’s the distance a horse could go in a single day. Farm women could now jump into the family Ford and head off to town, anytime they liked. More farmers had cars than bathtubs. When asked why, one farm wife said, “You can’t drive to town in a bathtub.” Ford may have thought of the Model T as everyman’s car, but it was every woman’s car too. Women took to the wheel in droves.
Appearance (0-3): Pours up a crystal clear golden amber with red highlights and thick white head that takes a while to fall. 3 points
Totally wild. She says there's something really wrong with the balance system in my right ear. Could be a virus that's trapped in there, or it could very well be this Meneire's Disease, or it could be something totally different.
It amazes me how those tiny wings can go so fast literally making a
11:15am: After 5-10 minutes of getting my bearings, I got cranky and demanding and asked loudly when I can “get my IV out already.”
“That’s better! Now, see to my steed. He requires water and hay, a place to rest for the night. Do they serve food in this place?”
In 1980, just as this drama was settling down in Britain, due to the fact that Harold Pinter and Lady Antonia married. I began working for Lady Rachel Billington as a nanny for her four children. Lady Rachel and her husband Kevin lived in Holland Park, it was a 20 minute walk to Lady Antonia’s home. Rachel and Antonia were part of the Packenham family, Lord Longford was their father. Even though I was only nineteen and didn’t know much about life in those days, I was aware that Antonia was the sibling that everyone paid attention to. She was considered more grand than the other six. An accomplished historian married to a legendary playwright.
Researchers have proposed that the emergence of religion was a cultural adaptation necessary for promoting self-control. Self-control, in turn, may serve as a psychological pillar supporting a myriad of adaptive psychological and behavioral tendencies. If this proposal is true, then subtle reminders of religious concepts should result in higher levels of self-control. In a series of four experiments, we consistently found that when religious themes were made implicitly salient, people exercised greater self-control, which, in turn, augmented their ability to make decisions in a number of behavioral domains that are theoretically relevant to both major religions and humans' evolutionary success. Furthermore, when self-control resources were minimized, making it difficult for people to exercise restraint on future unrelated self-control tasks, we found that implicit reminders of religious concepts refueled people's ability to exercise self-control. Moreover, compared with morality- or death-related concepts, religion had a unique influence on self-control.There's nothing like being told that God is watching you to boost your self-restraint. This can help explain the phenomenon that, the lower in class one goes in religion, the stricter the rules. Jehovah's Witnesses, for instance, probably don't have a lot of the college-educated among their ranks, and each one is required to put in an immense amount of proselytizing, tithing, and so on. On the other hand, Episcopalians, who used to be known as the Republican Party at prayer, and who appear to be the highest IQ Christian denomination, are probably the most lax of all denominations now, with all their gay and women bishops and whatnot.
Long before Facebook and Twitter were born, and computers and mobile phones invaded our lives, people had trusted the postal system to connect with their loved ones. Sending letters, especially greeting cards on special occasions were the fad at that time . And when you say greeting cards , the first thing that comes to mind will always be Hallmark Greeting Cards.
Today, I’m thankful for the gift of time. I think that if one day in the past I’d been given a glimpse of myself walking into a hospice facility, my hands cradled around my big belly, I would have been crushed with anguish from that day onward. God only gives us a day at a time, the future is none of our business until it becomes the present. It’s comforting to know that even back in those tranquil, sunny days — God was already here ready to meet us, his arms outstretched offering to take this heavy load from us.
Ticket Price:
Earth Wind & Fire
Ted ordered two more drinks for them; a beer and a drink. He sat and he smirked. “Doesn’t Catch-22 have “nigger” in it?”
Always use a password—it’s amazing how many accounts have blank passwords. And choose a complex one. Don’t use your dog’s name, your anniversary date, or the name of the local football team. And don’t use the word “password”! Pick a password that has a mix of upper- and lower-case letters, number, punctuation marks, and so forth. Make it as long as possible. And change it often. Once you’ve picked a strong password, handle it appropriately. Don’t write it down. If you absolutely must write it down, at the very least keep it in a safe or a locked drawer—the first thing a bad guy who’s hunting for passwords will do is check for a yellow sticky note on the side of your screen, or in the top desk drawer. Don’t tell anyone what your password is. Remember what Ben Franklin said: two people can keep a secret, but only if one of them is dead.
more info on my blog
It comes as Microsoft infringed two patents needed for H.264 video coding and playback. but a US court has banned Motorola from enforcing the ban until next week.
Pramod offers us his company car to drive us around Hyderabad while he takes off to Nasik for work. We agree to meet again, this time with his wife and son Abhinav when we’re in Mumbai next in 2012.
“I see us finishing our season in New Orleans and I don’t mean playing the New Orleans Saints,’’ Davis said. “I’m looking forward to getting a healthy team back together and everyone gelling. I think that we can make a strong push to the playoffs and possibly to the Super Bowl.”
The Right Way to Set Up Your New Blu-ray Player
Welly: " Mom , you know I love you right?"
“Hey, you seem kind of out of it, Brooks. You should come with me and Wilson for a drink”
As much as I agree with existing gender differences, it’s strange for me to think of our boys as… well… educational liabilities. Lumping them together and trying to come up with a dossier of strategies that are supposed to, in effect, save our boys. But perhaps I’m being too sensitive. They DO have target groups like this in the non-profit world for girls, such as the most recent campaign called Because I Am a Girl, and no one really complains about groups like that. As a society, we can see that girls are at a disadvantage, so we actively try to even the odds.
"The indigenous California Indians used this poppy as both a source of food and medicine. Several groups boiled the plant, or roasted it on host stones, to eat as a green. The Costanoan Indians rubbed a decoction of the flowers in the hair to kill lice; the Indians of Mendocino County used a poultice of fresh root for toothaches and a topically applied extract for headaches and sores; and Cahuilla women used the pollen as a cosmetic and the whole plant as a sedative for babies. Medicinally, California poppy is a plant with sedative, analgesic and antispastic activities, but unlike the alkaloids of the opium poppy, it does not seem to induce tolerance and dependence. It is touted by some for the treatment of anxiety and to induce sleep in patients affected
The execution left a lot of room for improvement:
He’s not a star pupil, but he’s pretty good. He’s not the most diligent of swots, and needs to be told to make his bed or tidy his room. But amazingly, although he occasionally issues me with warnings not to embarrass him (I know, what a spoilsport!), he still seems to like spending some of his time with us.
sailing
7) Jacksonville Jaguars: WR Justin Blackmon
Lindsay Newby – North East Business Centre Manager
and I decide I don't care
"Thus, again, it cannot be considered accident that in 1950 the dominant power of the world was barely able to contain the ground attack of an almost illiterate nation of nine million- nor could it have done so without the enormous manpower sacrifices of its Korean ally."
"In fact I was lying here naked one day, a young lady in attendance, when my next-door neighbour, the chairman of the Rural District Council, popped his head over yonder hedge to inform me that I had Dutch Elm Disease.
2010: 4.22% ABV
POLICE INTERACTION #1:
Kitchen Supplies:
39. In 2001, the five most valuable brand names in order were Coca-Cola, Microsoft, IBM, GE, and Nokia.
Bonds appear to be uptrending but gained only 0.1% on the week.
Still, at least this area is disputed….a first for Turkish ideas about sovereignty. The continental shelf row stems from the absence of a delimitation agreement effected between the two countries and ‘has a bearing on the overall equilibrium of rights and interests in the Aegean’, as it concerns areas only hazily attributed beyond the 6 mile territorial sea.
I am not sure my training is working for me the way I had hoped.
More importantly, the remainder of the crowd appeared to be average punters keen to see what good beer was all about. Many, I’m sure, were also there on the basis that the words ‘beer’ and ‘women’ featured prominently in the advertising and they were not disappointed. A couple were probably even there just on the off-chance they’d see Sam Fuss in heels. They were equally not disappointed although the ‘heels’ appeared to be Blundstones.
He stopped.
Unfortunately the subdivision behind my house doesn’t look like this. But I don’t care.
However, federal officials wanted FDA approval for the plague so they could begin administering it in case of an outbreak, the newspaper reports.
Nicki, Bob & Tracy found a chinese takeaway and ate it sitting in the van before the show started.
Chapter 2: Trappings
It has a paved road that runs the length of it and lots of trails that can sometimes be wet and slippery after a rain. It is the not so clearly marked trails that lead you to the most interesting places.
The court examined its authority to grant a European injunction in the case of a Community design infringement, in application of Articles 82 and 83 of the Community Designs Regulation (EC Regulation 6/2002), following two interim decisions rendered on 9 and 16 August by the same court.
Step 6: The dough will eventually become smooth and springy. Set aside to rest for 1/2 hour. Facebook Time!
After this glorious start, things went downhill very fast and every time a mistake was made, the lawyers threw my firm under the bus and drove over us a few times. At the time, I worked for the largest accounting firm in the world, so, regardless of me, the firm was no slouch. In a few weeks it got to the point, that we resigned from one of the working on one of the largest bankruptcies ever filed.
For the foregoing reasons, the claim language at issue recites sufficient structure on its face for performing the claimed functions, and therefore, contrary to the district court’s interpretation, does not involve a means-plus-function limitation.
The Crab Risotto turned out to be AMAZING - very creamy, at perfect density, temperature, and evenly infused with flavor. The sweet corn added a slight crunch to break up the creaminess, and the trout roe added bubbles of liquid saltiness that popped pleasantly over the mix and on the palate.
In last week’s reading, he pointed out that Christians would know each other by their righteousness and warned them that the world would hate them because of their goodness. He cited Cain as an example of someone who hated his brother’s righteousness so much that he slayed him.
Llynnau Mymbyr’s tale is a short one. Enjoy the photos.
James continues to be a happy guy. He is getting some delicious rolls on his previously scrawny arms and legs. And his smiles light up the room. I love that he has "conversations" with us, talking back to us when we talk to him. His current hobbies include staring at his fist, enjoying his baths, and sleeping in his carseat. Dislikes: riding in the car and being left to cry in his room while mom finishes up a blog post. Got to go!
Because they cried so much
The new website is up. Made by my lovely wife Rachel. Fully operational with the merchant account / shopping cart. Check out the gallery and the fun pictures.
"The welfare standards for the animals is not their first priority and the background of the dogs is unknown
Does that answer your question?
As the auctions wrap up, here's a look at who's soaring and who's struggling in the new art market.
First, two obvious questions everyone's gonna ask anyway...What first inspired you to write? And when was that moment when you decide this was something you wanted to pursue?
Friend: *Wearily* What?
Well no, it’s not like that, because according to the principles of homeopathy the more diluted a substance is, the stronger its effect. So the natural progression from that would turn out to be something like…
The trio of ales are (as pictured from left to right) -
Panelists at a public meeting convened by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission cited similar disproportionate impacts on women, people with disabilities and racial and ethnic minorities.
On Monday of my Easter holidays I unfortunately me, my mum and dad and my two brothers went to Wales. This was only because my dad wanted to do a walk there. Well there was goats, lambs, alpacas that I really liked and pigs that I didn’t like so much. And thre was places to collect stones and pottery. But the best bit of it was deffinately walking across the 40m aquaduct which Gabe didn’t really want to go across. We had lunch there and went in the playground and altogether it proved me wrong about the unfortunately thing at the start.
Just over two months ago, on June 9th, I started a new little series within this blog, in which I proposed to write posts explicitly dealing with the process and experiences leading up to the September 15th publication of my new book: call it a log of the third trimester, if you will. I promised to be honest, to give "a backstage glimpse" of what it's like to be awaiting your book's release into the world.
-- Mommy was peeved at Jonah for talking back to her one day. So she told him so. His response, " (*SIGH*) Mom. I am not talking backwards. I'm talking English."
Totally different culture to my last firm which had loads of paralegals, most of which fell into three categories: a) waiting to do the LPC 2) completed the LPC but looking for a training contract or 3) obtained a training contract, but passing time between the LPC and starting said training contract. I.e. Cheap Labour (luckily nothing to the extreme of “unpaid work experience” (do note excellent posting by Little Lawyer on this and related matters if you haven’t already read it)).
After the Osirak attack and the destruction of the Syrian reactor in 2007, the Iraqi and Syrian nuclear programs were never fully resumed. This could be the outcome in Iran, too, if military action is followed by tough sanctions, stricter international inspections and an embargo on the sale of nuclear components to Tehran. Iran, like Iraq and Syria before it, will have to recognize that the precedent for military action has been set, and can be repeated. Others claim that an attack on the Iranian nuclear program would destabilize the region. But a nuclear Iran could lead to far worse: a regional nuclear arms race without a red phone to defuse an escalating crisis, Iranian aggression in the Persian Gulf, more confident Iranian
And eat. And eat. And eat.
Until next time...enjoy your day!!!
It's something you've never even heard of when you first set out on that path of ridiculous dreams otherwise known as WRITING A NOVEL. When you are finally let in on the scary little secret, it's a word that strikes fear in the writer's heart. Fear that though you think by some crazy stretch of insane imagination you can write a full-length novel, how will you ever write a simple, one-page letter convincing someone of that novel's merits?
Introverted Feeling: 9-14% (13.2%)
42 Unique Elements , 23 Word strips, 9 Word Arts, 2 x Alpha's.
Adding up to the previous post.
Philadelphia: Some Things Never Change!
the baby brothers and sister came over this morning
was a big heart: Abelardo’s. At the end of the 60’s and the early 70’s, Abelardo’s view of Chicanos and mine were identical though I expressed my view principally in prose. After World War II, during my studies at the University of Pittsburgh, I had aspirations to be a poet. I wrote much poetry during the 50’a and in the early to mid 60’s read my works with many El Paso poets including Abelardo Delgado and Jesus Rafael Gonzalez. And though I joined Cesar Chavez’s efforts early in the 60’s, I was not a Chicano poet -- I was a Chicano
We left them to dry and then I painted them with a clear varnish. We then left them to dry thoroughly until the following day.
Thanks for checking in yesterday as we kicked off 23 Things. Once you have completed this week’s activities, leave a comment to announce your completion or discuss the things you read or discovered in this week’s session. If you want to be eligible to receive the book, 25 Books Every Christian Should Read, you have to comment on each week’s activities.
Follow links below for more information:
Sathavy Kim recounts the treacherous days in 1975 following the invasion of Phnom Pen by the Khmer Rouge. She and her extended family fled together, working the black market until they had not a single possession to trade for food. They were rounded up with the other non-peasants, identifiable by their lighter skin and soft hands as upper-class, and forced to live with a family of workers until further word.
G picked me up at my place, on time, and drove me to a restaurant where he liked to have breakfast. I had never been there before. I liked the place, though what I ordered was not the best for a person trying to lose weight. Even after having breakfast, we were still a bit early, as I had been told that the general admission people would not be allowed in til 11:00, and they wouldn't even be sold tickets til 10:15. So we had time for G to run an errand, and we still arrived around 10:30. Not in any hurry, we spoke to a few people in the parking lot, and then a friend came to tell us that they were letting people in a bit early. So I told G that I would see him later, and I went off with my friend. By the time we found where to buy a ticket, there was no line at all.
1/3 cup tahini (sesame paste)
Based on this and The Day of the Locust, West is a writer with a style that will take some getting used to if you go into his works expecting "realism." West isn't afraid to blow up realistically grounded scenarios into something near-mythic in scale; thus the apocalyptic finish of The Day of the Locust, though that certainly didn't come out of nowhere. Miss Lonelyhearts likewise becomes much more than the story of the titular newspaper advice columnist's internal struggle of trying to maintain optimism amidst extreme disillusionment; that internal struggle eventually acquires grand religious overtones, as if Miss Lonelyhearts was trying to move Heaven and Earth to hold onto his belief in the goodness of people and of life. It's also often bitterly funny and ironic, which is partly why West is able to get away with his deliberate overscaling. How much of it is meant to be taken seriously? Maybe some of it. Maybe none of it. The fact that we can't always tell is part of what makes West's novella such a fascinating read.
feeling of being repressed just because they were not born of the
pepperoni slices (optional)
Of course, the downside is that I am falling way behind in new releases. Lourdes, The Art of the Steal, the 1980 and '83 installments of the Red Riding trilogy (the '74 episode is gripping and devastating stuff, I must say), Green Zone, the aforementioned Bong, Bellocchio and Baumbach films—all of these as yet unwatched by me. In previous years, this might have vexed me; these days, though, I shrug my shoulders and take them in stride. Hey, I see what I can. (Not everyone can go to free press screenings, you know.)
If unaware, note how Rogers ex-wife is played by his actual real life wife, so it was a nice return for her. Mad men is great still. We are half way through the season already.
The biggest hurdle they faced was that the teacher insisted on NO baby talk!
sean was very gracious to me, but i still felt terrible.
When Mikey's sister claims a boy assaulted her, his world begins to fall apart. When Ellie's brother is charged with the offense, her world begins to unravel. When Mikey and Ellie meet, two worlds collide.
Ultimately, my favorite shows are the ones that take me into a whole world, whether it be Seattle, Washington, Harlan County, Kentucky, or Pawnee, Indiana. And I think it was very smart to set WKRP IN CINCINNATI in Cincinnati.
Your budget may also be a factor while choosing the perfect party wear combination. However, you can look for party dresses in different price ranges on the internet and choose a dress that meets your budget requirements. Another important thing is to choose the right kind of accessories to make a party dress work for you. The accessories like jewelry, handbag and shoes must complement the party dress you choose so that you have an overall noticeable look.
Even when I do a mistake, everyone says “there there” and showers me with affection.
Grayson barked, “He. She. They. It doesn’t matter. Whoever it was would have been watching her to find the opportune moment, and my absence worked right into their plan. They could have been observing her movements from a hidden location…say the tunnels. For all we know, her captors might have masqueraded as hotel staff just long enough to accomplish their mission. Call the concierge. We need the police.”
Hence, he just had to walk into the mountains, in the blizzard, to drink his bottle of gin.
Here is Day 1.
It was such an amazing project, and we treasure working with kids. Kids mean a lot to use, but I guess that is obvious! Winegard Elementary really needed some help, and it made us so happy to give those kids some inspiration and the materials to make music, and in vibrant, stimulating surroundings. The principal of the school was a true rockstar, and we were privileged to work with her.
The first beer was a golden (a beer whose color landed it on the other side of "pale" in the beer spectrum), and its brewer was Dave Logsdon, who left the brewery the next year to found Wyeast Labs ( a yeast manufacturer critical in the rise of American microbrewing). In came Jamie Emmerson, fresh from Seibel, and the future flagship Full Sail beer, Amber.
Following the nuclear disaster in Fukushima, many nations set up restrictions for the import of Japanese food. Some were partial, affecting only certain food items near the Fukushima plant, while others were more comprehensive. The Japanese government, at the time and since, argue that they are taking the necessary precautions and that food on the market is safe.
9. Patience IS a virtue
Lost.
The fact that “global warming” was generated by the United Nations should have been the red flag that something was not just wrong about it, but that it hid an agenda aimed at Western industrialized nations.
“Be more thankful for what you have”
I made lots of silly “hang in there” cards
"I have a new love, she's nothing like you ."
torchlight procession!
The Farmer: He played with Cam-Man and then had to make a run to Wal-Mart with my shopping list. Uhm, EXCUSE me, but he had a few unauthorized items, that were NOT on the list. The Farmer got a pass tonite though, because I came back and spent the evening with Joyce and Momma. I do find it funny however, that I negotiated with the Farmer about giving Momma her 8 o’clock meds. You see, he was actually EARLY tonite, from the time frame he had given me. (Why do I feel like a parent, lecturing the child? OMG, I’ve turned into my Dad).
I looked for him on facebook the other day.I wanted to see who he had become; I wanted to know what he looked like, what he did for a living, if he had a wife and kids, if he had any daughters.
It's the first day of college for the Freshmen. Excitement, trepidation. Car doors slamming. Distressed mother's crying and embracing their first years as if it was their first year at primary school.
1 x PP056 / F / air = 25.00
Like in a support group,
Charmaine Hammond, author On Toby’s Terms
from H&M:
Everyone deserves to –
BEST ORIGINAL SCORE FOR A FANTASY/SCIENCE FICTION/HORROR FILM
and the earth
As always, the importance of good company with good food is emphasized on the road. Good food becomes great when the conversation serves. Thank you to one and all.
Urad dhal - 1/2 tsp
I need cheering up.
2:30AM: Still nothing. Still sitting on the steps in the rain. A glimmer of hope– I saw a raccoon run across the street.
Isn't it wonderful how all the colours go together, just like all the flowers in a garden.
But something just promoted an Exception
Another of his analogies is the creek bed: the water is consciousness—neuronal activity—and the creek bed is your connectome. The connectome establishes the course of neuronal activity.
You've probably noticed that One Hot Stove has a new look. On Friday, I was in a mood to do some long-overdue renovation in this space, so I cleared out the clutter and painted the walls in pure white for the cleanest look possible. Now I think the look of the blog better reflects the way I want my life to be- uncluttered and simple. The biggest change is that I now have pages (like the recipe index, contact form, an About page) as tabs at the top of the blog. Thank you, blogger, for this great new feature.
If you want to read a little more about Stencel,
Unfortunately for me, I had to leave my friends and two more days of fun in San Sebastian to visit the university I will most likely be attending next year. The school had accepted me but they wanted a 1000 euro matriculation payment so obviously I wanted to see what the school was all about before I started throwing money into it.
Now is the time to look at my youngest being thrilled that she is done with grade school and is going to be getting very nervous about middle school!
“You’re not? Oh, that is too funny. I just assumed. Oh, hold on,” she said.
“Son of a bitch!” I yelled loud enough to draw the attention of all the good commuters over at the gas pumps. Feeling tired from working all night and utterly disgusted over the fact that something once offered free as a courtesy now cost twice money as I had on hand I almost decided to put on the spare tire and be done with it until I remembered my new KIA Rio does not come with one.
Developing pilot program for school integration
On October 25, 2006, CDCR reached its all-time-high inmate population of 173,479, more than 200 percent of design capacity in its 33 adult institutions. August 2007 marked the peak of CDCR’s use of non-traditional beds at 19,618 in 72 gyms and 125 dayrooms.
Mitt Romney has a great asset in his wife, Ann. It was foolish in the extreme to attack her… not only a dedicated housewife and mother of five children, but a cancer survivor and a victim of MS, as well. Her husband is a self-made man whose personal accomplishments absolutely eclipse anything done by our president, whose greatest claim to fame is being a ‘guest lecturer’ and community rabble-rouser.
after i decided i was going to upload this..i listened to it MANY times and tried to cut it several times...
I paired this one with the colorful paper & embellishment kit
During their first visit, Graham and Isaacs traveled up the coast, visited shelters and talked to thousands of people who were alone and scared. Many had questions about why this happened. They blamed themselves for having a home in the wrong location, being in the wrong place at the wrong time. Some wondered if they were being punished by God. They wondered what tomorrow would hold.
They say this will allow the 'mums and dads' to invest in public assets and so put demands on the management to be more efficient and so make more profits in order to pay good dividends. The same thinking underlies the deal on the Foreshore and Seabed that will allow Iwi Corporations to launch business ventures in the name of 'customary ownership'. The NACTS say this has just got to be good for NZ. Well, yes, NZ Inc owned and controlled by big business.
Under girding all this is always the desire to know and follow God’s direction. Confidence of being in His will provides the faith to keep moving forward even in the face of major changes. Almost eight months later now, hind sight has given assurance of right decisions. The transition will continue for a while, but God’s guidance will be there always.
I don't know why, pink and red always call for my Bo Bunny paper pad which I love:-)! Close up on my image and challenges...
You have never heard anybody insist on open borders?
On the side note, Jason got us the new Nike Fuel Band and it is very cool. I love the sharing options, and it looks like a sleek black bracelet, can’t wait to try it out this month.
This ideology says that all the cultures are equal; all the religions are equal, that there is not a one and only true faith. All this leads to the abuse and perversion of freedom of thought. All these perversions of freedom, which were condemned throughout the centuries by all the popes, have now been accepted by the council of Vatican II.
Im not ready to let go much at the moment, but I do need to learn to take my foot off the control button a little more :) And especially when it comes to letting my little girls be creative. So what if the cupcakes look awful right? They will think they are wonderful.
In the Book of Acts, we read the amazing account of Jesus Christ appearing personally to Paul on the road to Damascus. We get an amazing insight into the importance of Paul’s writings to us “non-Jewish” or “gentile” believers as we read the account in four different chapters of Acts.
scrawled lottsa mad writings on the wall
As a wee little company, in a remote part of Oregon, in a recession, with less than two years since the doors opened, advertising is very expensive. I just simply can't afford it. The goal has always been to not have to, so we don't. Initially I used the local rag, and put a few ads in Beer NW magazine (server was down when I wrote this). Now I'm finding that I don't have to. Word of mouth seems to be starting to yield new visitors; can't beat that. More interestingly is the free publicity that has come about in the last few months.
For me to know
"This transparent struck easily for me with two strikes. However, it is really easy to overstrike and gets livery (cloudy brown)
what do you like about your dad?
END 1:01 P.M. EDT
However. Last week, my friend Jenna unearthed a passage of Salinger's that seems to suggest that my own personal Salinger might be a straw man, a literary boogeyman that serves to scare me into engaging with life even when it means facing criticism, unpredictability and "phonies." This passage -- from Seymour--An Introduction, a short story Salinger published in the New Yorker in 1959 -- suggests that Salinger might have more in common with me and my favorite writers than I thought. That in fact, he would have wanted to be remembered as we would like to be remembered when we die: as someone who did his best to live up to his potential as a writer -- and as a human being. (As Jenna puts it, "it's like he wrote his own epitaph.")
One of the key challenges underlying development of the current initiative is the need to move beyond bilaterism in the achievement of future agreement on legal principle, while not starting full renegotiation of existing treaties. In many ways the process has moved beyond the need for future treaties. This “backgrounding” of legal issues in managing and allocating the Nile waters reflects an important shift in the way such issues are perceived and used by the riparian states themselves. They have moved from an earlier era of bellicose assertions of prior, historic rights and national sovereignty over water courses, to a “common vision” of development of the Nile that seeks: “to achieve sustainable socioeconomic development through the equitable utilization of, and benefit from, the common Nile Basin water resources.” The significance of this joint statement lies in its emphasis on equitable usage and socioeconomic development. It demonstrates a shift to a view of sharing between states based on maximizing shared benefits, rather than focusing on the water resources themselves. There is a significant reflection of the UN Convention on the Non-Navigational Uses of Watercourses in the vision, namely the usage of the term “equitable.” For downstream states this represents acknowledgement – albeit implicit – of the need (if not the right) to upstream water resources development which at some point will impact on shares as currently allocated under the 1959 Agreement (See Table 2 ). For upstream states this also implies the redundancy of insisting on renegotiations as a starting point if, in many senses, the NBI has taken their position beyond the negotiating table and directly to the implementation of actions on the ground within a cooperative framework.
the twin to ego’s excess, the Omnipotent eternal,
Our brave investigators arrived in New Orleans after a close fight with a vampire. They talked to their local contact, agreed something was fishy and started digging. Soon they was convinced by a chatty physics professor that the stiff must have died some other way that was the police official story. He must have jumped from a hot air balloon, or something else flying fairly high up in the air. They also talked to some police men, including one guy who partook of the famous raid of 1907. When night fell, they started the real work, investigating a warehouse they had visited during the day.
and thank goodness for this success
Now. I am a soulless heathen, my husband and children are soulless heathens, WE'RE PROUD to be soulless heathens. No argument.
into
To find your weight in kilograms, multiply your weight in pounds by 0.45. For example:
Sush. You weren't there.
Fox did end up writing an article about it and burying it on their website, but of course they didn’t make it a push notification like the other news agencies, and it really is a pretty big story considering his vast influence. And it seems pretty doubtful that they’ll bring it up much on TV, as much as they have tried to avoid any talk of him since the scandals within his empire have come about.
I also have another of Thumper's birthday photos that I was playing with recently. I have run a whole bunch of Pioneerwoman actions over this shot, and I liked the end result.
So at this point I realised that if I was to get off the Gill I would probably break some bones; a lot of bones, as I couldn’t see any way down. I decided to use my ass on a scree and slide down to the drop into the stream that I could see below, or I could call mountain rescue to get me off there! I couldn’t face that so broken bones was the best choice in my mind. I pushed myself off and i plummetted down and down and down…here it comes, first broken bone. Just at the drop I slid to a gentle stop. Pebbles in my shorts and grazed arse, but no broken bones. I learnt not to use those offpiste routes ever again and followed someone else at least and then the two of you can help each other out if it gets difficult.
Home. My home is with my parents. Wherever they are, that is my home. They are my homebase.
The theme for this was "Garden Tea Party" ... and this is what I came up with ...
Yeah, anyway, the songs is REPO are rather terrible, full of obvious, bland lyrics. There’s a lot of songs, too. The Never Wrong insists REPO “holds the record for the most songs ever composed into one film, with a total of 64,” and who am I to argue with Wikipedia? Every so often a song will come together, and it’s probably not a surprise that those songs tend to be sung by people who can sing; which is to say Anthony Head and Sarah Brightman. Mostly, though, the songs make you wish there wasn’t so much singing. The songs just never stop and when you get a clunky song with banal lyrics …
Nintendo did something similar with its 3DS reveal two years ago. Though the publisher revealed the system and showcased a variety of games, more specific launch plans, including a firm release date, price and even launch line-up, were not announced until just months before the portable debuted.
I don't know a hell of a lot about Papa Mali yet. But I plan on digging a little deeper as he seems like a cool cat. Check him and the band doing "Early in the Morning" down below.
Both men are fellow Directors of CGGVeritas Services (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd, based in the Petronas Tower in KL. This company is a subsidiary of the massive international oil exploration concern CGGVeritas, part of the French engineering giant Schlumberjer.
immortal - The Bottom Lounge, Chicago, IL USA ( 22.02.2011) 2 DVD
Subtle decorations can add a fun element.
We were returning to our hotel after exploring Palma. Being on holiday, the world looked different compared to the day-to-day life of home. I was relaxed and full of sights, sounds, smells, and even flavors of the city. My eyes were looking everywhere. Then here’s this man who looks intent on where he’s going, seemingly immersed in serious thought.
Good on her, the car drove away.
I have a dear friend who is contemplating adopting a child from a third world country. In our discussions, I have been acutely aware (more than usual) about the many things that we have been blessed with. We take the little everyday conveniences for granted.
Your knee bouncing restlessly beneath your desk.
Mrs Badger has a bit of history with tombolas. As a child, she was eerily lucky at these thrilling games of chance, with the winning tickets somehow magnetically attracted to her sticky little hands. Tombola organizers would quake at her approach, knowing that she would clear their supply of prizes in one fair swoop, emerging from every roll of the barrel with her arms full of chocolates, perfume, bottles of spirits, and other items entirely suitable for seven-year-old girls.
I am trying to wrap my head around parenting a child who is showing more & more autism signs. Keep her sensory needs met, especially when she refuses the treatment, which is virtually impossible unless I just let her run & chase after her… which works here at home, but not so much in church in heels & with people watching. UHG
My Cousin's wedding is May 20th. There has already been drama about the bridesmaids dresses and alas 2 months later...it is not over. No "Resolved Conflict" can be written yet. From 5 embarrassing dress fittings for me, a dress was chosen. I was not present at the final selection fitting and of course the comment, "Are you sure a 16 will fit you? What if they run small?" comment was made to me, aggravating me a lil more. I don't understand some of my family's warped perception of weight & sizes.
Nass el Ghiwane - what can I say. Like trying to introduce rock and roll in one blog post. They set the world of Maghrebi music on fire in the early '70s. Fierce, driving rhythm. Trenchant resonant lyrics. Fiery group singing, heartbreaking solo singing. Archaic and modern, subversive and traditional. And, to the best of my knowledge, the first time the now ubiquitious Gnawa guinbri (or sintir or hajhouj or whatever name your prefer) was used in a popular music context.
Once you’ve roasted the onions, you add them to a lettuce medley, add a balsamic vinaigrette and you’re done.
I thought I skipped dinner today no I just had a small meal of spicy chicken and rice which is just great I think I am on a roll here I don’t feel hungry at all and I think updating this journal does helps as I have to make sure I don’t fail at this.
Savoyard
Jackpot prize in SuperUltraMegaGrandForever Lotto 6/75 draw hits 5 billion pesos
I wish it were better. But it’s not. I’ve heard people claim to love REPO and others claim it’s the worst film ever but my reaction doesn’t match either of those extremes. Admittedly, it comes much closer to the latter position. THE GENETIC OPERA was a struggle to sit through and a struggle to listen to, and while there are individual moments that work, the film does not.
19th Century
I want to collaborate with a small group of committed people…and change the world.
On this sixth of nine days of Solemn Novena prayer, we offer our prayers together. Today I recognize how my Novena makes me stronger in faith and grace. Intention to St. Jude: St. Jude, I pray for peace in the world. May your healing presence touch the hearts of world leaders, that they might work together in good faith to bring an end to all wars.
first published: 1844
Also, we have many tours right now that are less than five people. If a tour doesn't get five people signed up, it will not run. It takes a lot of time to keep everything going smoothly, and it's hard to keep everything straight with a lot of tours with less than five people on them.
One of the great narratives of New York City in the late 19th century is the dominance of the Democratic Tammany Hall machine in controlling city politics, often seeped in deep corruption.
GRINNEL – $40 / 1oz
He stepped back and held up his hands, which began to glow! The swathes of cerulean blue swept around them. Coal’s mouth gaped at him as the light grew and Coal felt a sudden tug as the floor opened up beneath him. His whole body dropped
There may, in other words, never come a moment when the ANC attempts to erect a coercive regime to shore up its faltering hegemony. Either way, that moment is still some way off. For the moment its factions can continue to bat around the notion of the national democratic revolution and can continue to believe in such impossibilities as the NHI or 11 million jobs by 2030. But the time will come when they look back and realise that the battle for hegemony was irrevocably lost long before and with it any chance that their dreams could prevail.
Interestingly, Action Man was actually a G. I. Joe license from Hasbro. (This was well before Hasbro bought Parker Brothers.) Frankly, the history of Action Man beyond that is outside the scope of this post, so if you want to know more, consult Wikipedia or Action Man HQ.
Echo(cardiogram)...
But what caught me was the notion of how we create worlds through our words. I used to write a lot. However, a malady has struck me in the recent years of my life that has rendered me unable to write.
I should be honest by telling you that there is one downside to this meal, and that is removing the meat from the bones. Usually, we eat at least half the meat during dinner, and then I have to pick the rest of it off the bones. But, a few minutes of work is totally worth it, because this lovely, juicy, tasty chicken makes the best chicken salad ever. Put it on a nice fresh hoagie roll for full effect.
Many left as well as mainstream economists point to “economic growth” rather than austerity as what is needed to address the crisis of joblessness. One of the extremely serious contradictions that entails is the environmental fallout from capitalist growth. The more the economy grows, the more it degrades the planet, through pollution, squandering of natural resources, or direct destruction of ecosystems that are turned into plantations, pastures, mines, roads or cities.
So if a picture of me shows up on that website, here's what you'll probably see:
All because I was empowered by him (Kṛṣṇa).
Please give me your ideas, names etc and add the details?
So should Israel then apologize for her sovereignty? Should America apologize for her liberty? Should Indonesia apologize for her secularism? Should Nigeria apologize for her constitution? Hell no.
The work I've done with reiki informs my intuitive readings, and flows through my drum circles.
We rather treat them as sex objects meant to pander to our baser instincts. The vulgar display of female anatomy in a shocking variety of ads hurts our aesthetic sense but comes as a boon in the current spell marked by crass consumerism and soap opera culture.
The appearance of the fields with their lack of snow may indicate spring, but the colours prove otherwise. There is no hint of green yet, the nights are still quite cold and the ground has not warmed enough to encourage the tree buds to swell or the dandelions to push forth. The scenery remains grey, beige, old gold, with shrinking patches of bright white as the snow retreats before the lengthening daylight and increasing warmth.
Local human rights NGO Suaram filed a civil suit with the French courts to look into the government's purchase of the submarines, in which kickbacks - which are illegal in France - running into millions of ringgit were said to have been paid.
and then i had another thought. and that one was not so great. i was scared. leading up to this deployment, fear has not really been in my mind. i was bummed we would be apart-i would miss him, bella would miss him. i hated that we would not get to celebrate our anniversary, the holidays, my birthday, bella's birthday. i was anxious-it seems to take forever for them to leave, which means that's just longer until they come home. but fear didn't really cross my mind. not for me and not for him. we know a lot of people who have deployed and come back safely, and i thought things were settling a little. it didn't seem so unstable.
The plains are decorated with
Urban Blight are back! The original 7-piece funky ska/reggae band from New York City are reuniting to perform for one night at Webster Hall in New York City on Sunday May 22nd as part of a benefit to support the Children's Museum of the Arts. The show is being hosted by Adam 'Ad-Rock' Horowitz of the Beastie Boys. It will be Urban Blight's first show since they played a one-off to celebrate their 30th anniversary in 2008 and only their second show since the band stopped playing in 1998.
About what life was sending
The kitchen, which has white bead board on the back wall and doors, also has an adjustable clock, hooks to hang hot pads or cups,
Once that was done, all I had to do was paint it (I used my Martha Stewart black paint), and let it dry, and it was all done! I LOVE IT!!!! I wore it with a lace undershirt because I HATE short shirts, so it gave it the look of being long. I didn’t bother writing -Bob Dylan, because if you don’t know Bob Dylan sang it, then you wouldn’t appreciate it anyway!
Jude's ventilator settings are minimal and we are hopeful that he will be able to continue to use those beautiful lungs that are now open and no longer covered by other organs!
“I was just going out the door to the Tri-Fest to get something to eat when I was handed this paper” with the layoff notice, Henderson County Judge-Executive Hugh McCormick said Friday afternoon. “It took my appetite away.”
scraps of wool for your flower
In many series finales fans are often left longing for more. I think Mark Schwahn and the writers couldn’t have wrapped the show up better. The whole episode draws from previous seasons and the fans that have stuck around from the beginning got to enjoy a lot of old references and flashbacks. The episode opens with Nathan watching his 17-year-old self on the River Court, Brooke in high school when she wins class president and Haley making her wish list for senior year.
Point Presenter #2: Aruja Vashi
Add in marshmallow creme, then cool whip and mix well.
Facilitators: Ruth E. Van Reken, co-founder of Families in Global Transition, co-author, Third Culture Kids: Growing Up Among Worlds; Fran Colley, Education Chair – Association of International Women (Indianapolis), Research Co-chair – Indiana Multiethnic Committee; and Christine Dowdeswell – Co-founder, Association of International Women (Indianapolis), co-founder FIGT, Alumni Board IU School of Liberal Arts, Indiana University, Purdue University, Indianapolis."
*Chicken and waffles, a combination platter of foods traditionally served at breakfast and dinner in one meal, common to soul food restaurants in the American South and beyond.
For the cause, I am donating my stock of stitched and eco printed greeting cards…about six dozen. This is still the year of stash busting! The cards were fun to make, especially with eco printed watercolour paper, cut to fit a greeting card window. The stitched cards have always been a favourite way to limber up in the studio…no planned designs, just playing with colours and textures using fragments left from finished works to make tiny artwork – see a selection below:
This lesson continues to remain in my heart. The doctors still don’t know what causes my depression, I’m still susceptible and I’m still weak, but when the disappointments and trials come, I’m no longer bewildered and confused. My first question isn’t “Why, Lord?” but instead “How, Lord?” I still feel my heart break within my chest, but I recognize now that the reason doesn’t change the reality. The path remains before me and my energy is best spent learning to walk it.
The multiplayer is entirely set in 2025. That was the first thing I asked when I talked to folks who had seen the game: is it both 80′s and 2025 in MP? So it’s 2025 and in my opinion, Black Ops multiplayer was so perfect, there’s really nothing more Treyarch could do in that timeperiod. Then again, despite the time periods in Call of Duty, you always pretty much have the same weaponry and perks. I just want my napalm and my attack dogs in a Call of Duty. Surely Treyarch can put some half-animal, half-robot dogs to attack players in Black Ops 2 MP? Please keep in napalm as well, that was an awesome attack and tool in the multiplayer as you could limit enemy movement with it. Also, took me about three prestige levels to realize you could turn the napalm attack to start whichever way you wanted…
This account of the meals we had in Japan doesn't do justice to Japanese cooking and celebration of food - the reverence and care that is taken over the preparation and serving, the presentation and pride they take in each morsel, each small dish of sauce or side-dish, is truly amazing.
I am realizing more and more the need to take time alone in reflection and prayer. It is in these times that I feel re-energized, re-invigorated, and fully rested. And, not surprisingly, I find myself more in tune with God, more attentive to His will, and more open to the guidance of His Spirit.
Glasman here misses the point almost entirely, which is surprising given his previous analyses of England’s plight. The members of the EDL are almost certainly interested in a ‘better life’, but this is another overly simplistic oversight of what their key concerns are: the erosion and official abandonment of English Christianity and its laws, customs, architecture, culture, literature and distinct identity. And the danger of its being supplanted by the state religion of multiculturalism.
* Clubs
Tis all it is late,
“The BBC’s Hugh Sykes, in Baghdad, says al-Qaeda have launched several attacks in Diyala since losing support in other parts of Iraq.”
So there it is: Shareology loves the Honeywell Women’s Council. That three-year experience was a key building block; in fact, after her HWC term, Shareology had so much spare time on her hands, that she decided to “take a few courses….” Well, dear readers, before you know it, Shareology was back in academia, beginning her MBA road.
Cook and stir until bubbly, stirring occasionally until cranberry skins pop.
I am a huge fan of Cat and Bones from the Night Huntress series by Frost, and I'm missing reading about them. However, her Night Huntress World stand alones are just as good, and more than enough to tide me over. Eternal Kiss of Darkness is no exception; another brilliant novel!
Through the years passersby will admire our house for its uniqueness and space, its wooden floors always inviting one to lie down and retire after a tired day, the sliding windows wide and safe enough to sit on its sills while enjoying a shared story. The dining table, long enough to hold a mini feast while the adjoined window faced what used to be a bamboo fence and a star apple tree that had to be chopped down so that a basketball court can be built.
The Best Giant Cinnamon Roll Ever!
Oh...they won tonight, by the way. It was a nail biter...winning by only 1 point against Chaparral High School. Tracey played awesome and scored 6 points tonight.
Salt and pepper
This morning was just that.
...And I saw it!!!
Our Mutual Friend
Friday, May 27- Sunday, May 29, 2011
So friends, that's your challenge...take inspiration from this fabulous photo.
when the last new life is brought forth into the light of day...
However, Kaidanow repeated that the US wishes to see a solution to the Greek-Macedonian “name” dispute before NATO can “extend a membership offer to Macedonia”.
it is Laughton who rules over The Big Clock. In Hollywood movies, most tyrannical managers are openly and loudly abusive. Laughton as Janoth keeps his voice low, forcing subordinates to lean close, which they wouldn't do otherwise. That’s because getting close means they have to look at Janoth’s weedy little moustache and the way he strokes it with one finger, in a gesture as suggestive as it is repulsive. He won't make eye contact, emphasizing his employees' wormlike status. And Laughton speaks every word in an affected, maddeningly casual drawl, underlining that he doesn't give a hoot if he just screwed up someone's life.
He ascended into heaven, and is seated at the right hand of the Father.
The achievement might not merit a visit from top brass if it happened at one of the city's elite, selective enrollment high schools. But Urban Prep, a charter school that enrolls all comers in one of Chicago's most beleaguered neighborhoods, faced much more difficult odds.
*Transportation fees may apply (depending on the location of the event)
We open by seeing Britten's love-hate relationship with Los Angeles, which we see represented by smoggy skies, bumper-to-bumper traffic, and a homeless guy living under a bridge. While jogging, Britten encounters a woman walking a yappy little dog, who lunges at him. The dog's owner chews Britten out for "scaring" the little monster. A homeless man offers to sell Britten a box of junk for ten dollars; when Britten declines, the man asks for a dollar on general principles. Britten then intervenes in an increasingly violent argument by two drivers whose cars have collided, while muttering, "Stupid city." We then see Britten on the phone with Hannah, who is walking through a college campus in Portland, Oregon, and can't say enough nice things about it.
The second day there I got a nap, got another one on the third day, nice. The old Cajuns we knew growing up were right about a lot of things – the importance of the daily nap was one of them.
Plugins/UIToolkit/UI.cs
At the young age of six, I was whisked away, along with my eight-year-old sister to start a new life in Albuquerque with my dad. Dad didn't want the divorce and he was gonna be damned if my mom was going to take away his daughters.
As lawgiver, He is all good.
On Saturday we saw an odd site. Yes, that is a Tow Boat assisting a sailboat. How often do you see a sailboat getting towed? Especially on a breezy day? Can't they operate under wind power? Isn't that the point of a sailboat?
Natural sources of vitamin D include:
accompanied by a sole purpose which is to desperately supply the decreasing amount of oxygen that has been lacking in my system for far too long.
In the Beginning, and into the Middle of the memoir, the protagonist freely shows her flawed self, which, at times, comes across neurotic enough that if her writing were not so compelling, the reader might not stay with her. However, the more flawed the character, the greater the possibility in the final transformation.
Her: Worse than throwing up spaghetti out your nose?
Hello everyone! And happy weekend! Hope everyone is doing just fine. :) anyway im going to blog about this upcoming event in June which is next month. Yes! A fashion show again but this time the collection is more on wedding-related! And guess who are the designers? We have Cosry! He did the wedding gown for lisa surihani, umie aida, erra fazira and many more of our local celebrities! Then we have Qudyn, Mimpi Kita, Ammara, Yasalma, Molleque and Peppermint Avenue.
The Restraint of Responsibility
I love that this quote validated my very lazy decision to skip my tempo run last week. I had been feeling a bit guilty about it but no more. My laziness will make me the best runner I can be! Thanks Coach! Seriously though, I have definitely got a lazy streak in me lately! Seems that I'm proving that with every day and every run that goes by without a simple bleep on the bloggy world radar. Sheer laziness! Well, I have been crazy busy with life in general, too. You know the usual suspects- running the kids here to there, cleaning the house in preparation of a visit from the in-laws (they come tomorrow!) and trying to squeeze in my runs in the absence of any real downtime. Exhausting. So, here's a little of my training thus far this week-
Federal and regional authorities provide public health services, as defined by these six categories: population health assessment, health promotion, disease and injury control and prevention, health protection, surveillance (i.e., collection of health data to guide public policy), and emergency response.
Participants who attend both workshop days have the opportunity to get their short story or novel excerpt critiqued and the notes returned to them on Sunday.
He said to them, “Haven’t you read what David did when he and those who were with him were hungry— how he entered the house of God, and they ate the sacred bread, which is not lawful for him or for those with him to eat, but only for the priests? Or haven’t you read in the Law that on Sabbath days the priests in the temple violate the Sabbath and are innocent? But I tell you that something greater than the temple is here! If you had known what this means: I desire mercy and not sacrifice, you would not have condemned the innocent. For the Son of Man is Lord of the Sabbath. (1)
Tifferz Take:
“Quarantine inspections for the new swine flu on incoming flights will be scaled down now that the virus is spreading rapidly on a person-to-person basis, health minister Yoichi Masuzoe said Tuesday.” Asahi Shimbun reported.
The grass is getting greener, the trees are budding, and the flowers are blooming! All signs that Spring has Sprung!
“We have not received any instructions to mobilize volunteers for the election. Mr Desmond Choo has been working hard on the ground in Hougang for more than a year. It doesn’t make sense to parachute an ‘outsider’ into Hougang in the last minute,” he added.
- In less than 2 and a half weeks we will no longer have a baby. Insert sad face. Our little Cullen will be entering the terrible 2s. I don't want to talk about it. It's a touchy subject for me.
It was Conaing's, it was Cuiline's,
To register for the “National Press Club 5K: Beat the Deadline,” visit www.press.org. Pre-registration is $30 for general registration and $25 for NPC members/students. Registration fee is $35 two weeks before the race, and $40 for race day registration. Melissa Charbonneau, 5K Vice Chair, at melcharbonneau@aol.com.
Contraception is not even a religious matter. Nowhere in Scripture or the Creed is it forbidden. Catholic authorities themselves say it is a matter of “natural law,” over which natural reason is the arbiter—and natural reason, even for Catholics, has long rejected the idea that contraception is evil. More of that later; what matters here is that contraception is legal, ordinary, and accepted even by most Catholics. To say that others must accept what Catholics themselves do not is bad enough. To say that President Obama is “trying to destroy the Catholic Church” if he does not accept it is much, much worse.
even when I'm just sitting here
A: Ads may:
It is one of the most popular and loved Italian confections, that seems to be mostly consumed around Christmas, especially in Tuscany, its geographical home-land.
STAWBERRY PAPAYA (Good for colon cancer)
Choose to trust Jesus with everything. Don’t compartmentalize your faith. Instead, decide to trust Jesus with every part of your life – from your relationships to your work. In prayer, give Jesus all of your needs, desires, fears, hopes, and dreams, trusting Him to handle your concerns and work to give you what’s best. This will free you from the pressure of trying to make things work out yourself in the ways you want and the frustration of hitting the limits of your own power to control your life.
The main highlight is Donald Sutherland’s character, Oddball. He is an anachronism==a hippe twenty some odd years too early. Often, something like that would bug me, but I enjoy the character. He is a concession to the audience of the time which is entertaining enough to forgive his being a generation out of place. Something tells me if he had a kid after the war ended, he would grow up to be Tommy Chong. But maybe I am generating negative waves and should say something righteous and positive for a change.
Kimba eventually tired herself out and fell half fucked across the bonnet of a car, buck naked and flaked out. Then some roly-poly Sunday morning church-goer from across the street comes the Good Samaritan and goes up to her real slow with a blanket held out at arms length like he’s an adventurous animal hunter approaching a dangerous armadillo, and this blanket of his was some ugly fluffy polyester thing with a classic picture of Gentle Jesus on it surrounded by Disney characters. At this point Party Time moved from pondering to action and went up to the Nice Man.
THE VERDICT:
Put in nice serving dish, let cool a bit, eat.
Now do not get me wrong, I am as sadist-loving as the next person when it comes to watching death and destruction on the big screen. A noted Tarantino lover I am indeed. My Grindhouse sensibilities taking no qualms with the warped leanings of many the deranged film. But still, I was hoping for a consciousness behind the sadism here. Perhaps something akin to the aforementioned Golding book. Then perhaps I am the only one that was hoping for a deeper bent on the whole shebang and therefore perhaps I should just enjoy the rah rah rah and go home myself. After all, popcorn movies can be entertaining without any silly social worth - I am not that much of a film snob dammit - and one can certainly become enthralled in a massive effect of fast-paced action that is not necessarily going anywhere but straight forward. Of course even these straight-forward rah rah rah's are tainted by Ross's middle-of-the-road direction and his inability to make us feel any fear or sympathy for the characters, so who knows what could have come to life from a proper, dare I say more daring, adaptation of these books. Perhaps something that would have kept us on the edge of our seats, instead of lying back in them, relaxed and complacent. Perhaps indeed. Then again, this is the kind of movie one calls critic-proof (I say that as if we critical crowd have any say at all anymore, with any type of cinema - not the way we did back in the Pauline Kael hey day of long ago and not so far away) so why the hell am I getting all bent out of shape in the first place. Go see it or don't - what do I care!?
Till’ you don’t understand Sometimes
1 small cooking pumpkin, peeled and cut into 1-inch chunks (or one 15-oz can of pumpkin)
And from this sequence we’re deposited into the main narrative – Jack’s memories of his childhood in Texas, his well-meaning but intimidating father and his graceful, idealized mother. And through the rest of the film, our mind returns to the creation sequence and its reminder that we are all a part of that story – of God – and that each of us, in our own lives, is playing out our version of the story (nature vs. grace, the fall of man, being and nothingness) that has and will be everyone’s. And, most amazingly, we are finally reminded that the epic scale of the film – from the beginning to the end of everything – exists entirely in the memories and ruminations of the adult Jack during one ordinary day. Kierkegaard believed that it is only through the individual experience that one can come to know God; however one defines God (or even if one has no use for a God), The Tree of Life is a beautiful illustration of questions we are all silently asking in our own way. How wonderful, when most mainstream movies are so incredibly timid, that we know we have Malick to wrestle with the unknown, inviting us to join in his unique form of cinematic communion. Honestly, if church were anything like a Terrence Malick movie, I’d attend every week." - Andrew Bemis
The other soldier charged, swinging his weapon like a club. Khostov caught the gun by the barrel, wrenched it from his hands, and then struck the stormtrooper hard enough that Stolik heard his neck break from the impact. He fell to the ground like a sack of flour.
Unworthy are to frame the name
Email number one from D:
But the conversation didn’t end there. No, Kim Kardashian didn’t chime in. @CharaGG, however, did:
“America runs on Dunkin” or eating Taco Bell really is “thinking outside the bun.”
"You know, I don't understand it," she said one evening while taking inventory in the mirror. "My boobs keep getting smaller while my ass keeps getting bigger."
I only added a little bit of patterned paper from Follow Your Heart Be Happy 6x6 Designer Paper Pad by My Mind's Eye since I wanted Rosie to be the star of the show. =) The sentiment is also part of the collection.
When businesses use social media properly, it opens up huge possibilities to address concerns, satisfy existing customers and attract new business.
Park Ha also arrives that same day.
Well we’re about half way through the 4 th with a score of 13-7 , and the rain is starting to come down heavier now.
Under the Mistletoe ... Lifetime ... 8 PM
some random photos taken on a day out to Domme and my harvest so far I have grown some delicious melons don't quite know how I have managed it.
Tights, Annmarie’s own
9 oz carton frozen whipped topping, thawed
“In addition, if our products were unsafe, we would not have expected the federal agency responsible for approving alcoholic beverage formulas – the Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB) – to have approved them. Yet, all of our product formulas and packaging were reviewed and approved by the TTB before being offered to consumers.
For those of you who aren't familiar with diapers, one size means that they fit from birth until potty training. Pocket diapers are diapers that you stuff with an insert. They go on just like a disposable diaper- no pins or snappies to keep them shut.
This suggests to me that there are real benefits in any decision making when we can find ways to keep it about the decision. That’s what a secret ballot is all about. I’ve been harping on the idea that people don’t want the best decision, they want their decision to be best. Well, this is one way to remove the “their” part of the equation so that the group can focus on the best decision.
But a good punk rocker has to have a history, right? I haven’t even heard stories about this man, people just shake their heads. I ask him how he got his reputation.
While I don't buy into the notion that Authonomy can help writers build readership--a few hundred reader recommendations hardly constitutes a following--I agree that showcasing a manuscript online is probably not an issue, as long as it's not being promoted for sale. The notion that merely by posting your manuscript online you exhaust your first publishing rights dates back to the early days of the Internet, when the concept of electronic rights was brand-new and it wasn't clear what sort of competition they might present to print rights. I doubt that many editors these days would be greatly bothered. (A more relevant question, in my opinion, is how bothered they might be that you’d posted your manucript on a website sponsored by a rival publisher--especially if you’re currently submitting your manuscript elsewhere.)
Much to the Creationists dismay and insistence that it doesn’t,the Earth does evolve and adapt. So we moved from mosses and ferns to pine trees and ginkgos to flowering deciduous trees. We moved from mostly reptilian forms to mammalian and avian forms.
08/24/2010 BUY 0.01 gbpusd 1.5483 08/27/2010 1.5521 +3.80
Let me set the scene up for you:
For decades, the major trading nations of the world, including the US, did nothing to combat the boycott. Yet pressure to abandon the boycott eventually bore fruit, and business with Israel was gradually legitimized by Arab leaders, albeit tacitly.
What if I didn’t have my loved ones to reach out to when things got hard, when things go wrong? What if I was all alone in this messy thing called life? As I was pacing in my room after receiving yet another spate of bad news, I reached for the phone and made a call. One of my dearest friends answered the call and walked with me in the dark. Sometimes we all need a hand in the darkness.
and your soul will delight in the richest of fare.
Annoying as it may seem to some (like me!), a guest- regular MD relationship is comparable to a boyfriend-girlfriend relationship, a wide open one at that.
FAG
Coming back to our basic thought, “Why was Paul commanded to go and the twelve allowed or rather commanded to remain?” Israel failed to receive the Spirit filled ministry of the twelve apostles. Earlier in Matthew 10:5, Jesus said to them, “Go not into the way of the Gentiles.” Later, in Luke 24:47, they were commanded to go “among all nations, beginning at Jerusalem.” If the Jews would receive their ministry and become a nation of priests they could “go into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature.” (Mark 16:15)
Overall, an okay film. It doesn’t revolutionize horror or Asian horror, but it does a pretty good job of telling the same ol’ story in a pretty, new (to American audiences) setting.
The problem with the heart worm pills is that if I hadn’t noticed it right away, he might have been unprotected for the last month in the year. I wouldn’t have had the bill to see that I did pay for 6 and might have thought that the dosage had been reduced this year. Or, I might not have even noticed.
Don’t try to be paying extra on other items, contributing to retirement, saving for college. You end up not doing any one thing well.
YMEFO Blog (ymefoblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
I spoke to renowned race car designer and suspension expert Andy Thorby about the use of just such a system, “I think most or all the teams are using linked hydraulic actuators on the corners.” adding “they allow you to tune the attitude change of the car under aero load, independently of corner spring rates” by altering both heave and roll stiffness.
We had a really nice date. We went for a really long walk and had some nice dialogue. It got late, so I decided to stay the night. I was almost asleep when I suddenly developed diarrhea of the mouth, and said “I need to talk to you about something.” I had not prepared myself properly for this conversation. If I had, it may have gone better, maybe not. I’d at least have been more articulate. I had initially made the decision to wait until after dinner with the parents for this conversation, but again, the night was going so well- why not screw it up?
One can blame the music, with its anti-feminist rhetoric that paints all women in the most degradable forms, and makes a clear celebration of the joys of shooting and killing someone – anyone, and retaliating in kind. Is that fair, however, as artists are imitating life as they see it?
We returned on Sunday, and I was delighted to discover I’d been summoned to jury duty again in two weeks. Wheeee!
They Are Focused On Client
"It is week 9 in the search for the Hilton Head Gang...the notorious members of Karin Jurick’s workshop. The trail is still hot... so we shall continue on. We are determined to feature one member each week until they are all accounted for.
I know better than anyone that life isn’t a competition, and I don’t need contest wins or publications to validate me… BUT, it sure is nice to get a little recognition once in a while. So it was with great pleasure when I saw that my poem “Paris” made the Top 50 list, in the 2010 Poetic Asides Poem-a-Day Challenge.
People are so quick to jump on bandwagons without knowing the facts. Sometimes the facts are hard to know when you are five states away from an event.
December 9
I used to hang out a lot with Val in the Playboy office in Park Lane. Val didn’t invite me to the lavish Playboy parties held in Stocks mansion though. His dad Victor did. Once, I was invited to a 24 hour party there, and was allocated a bedroom to sleep in for the night, but all I did was park my clothes there. The fabulous fireworks displays at Stocks were almost as impressive as the New Millennium explosions. I even went up in a helicopter ride at one of the parties and was sick too. The endless food and drink were lavish, and it was fun watching all the middle aged playboys frolicking in the hot-tub with bunnies young enough to be their daughters. Apparently, the sex/wife-swapping stuff happened in the bedrooms upstairs, but from my point of view on the mansion’s grounds, the proceedings seemed sanitised. All the playgirls had cleavages down to their toes, and the men generally wore a load of gold on their hairy chests, with shirts unbuttoned down to their navels. At one party I went to called ‘The 100 Most Eligible men in the World’, an Australian girl dressed up as Marilyn Monroe was resigned to not meeting her soul-mate at the bash. ’No wonder they’re eligible. Nobody wants them,’ she sighed, fighting off the coked up millionaires. I had to agree with her. I didn’t fancy any of the playboys, and they didn’t fancy me because I wasn’t a Pamela Anderson clone. However, a Viscount offered to drive me home. We had a good old bitch-fest about the party, which lasted all the way from the Stocks mansion in Hertfordshire to central London.
Do you guys ever feel that way?
Hey guys! I know I haven't been posting a lot for a while but I do have a good excuse. I have been participating in NaNoWriMo. That stands for National Novel Writing Month.
Recipe Source: from My Kitchen Cafe/adapted slightly from my friend Judy C.
But Jimmy didn't forget.
I seriously LOVE this fabric - so many sweet prints make it very difficult to pick a favorite. It's fat eighths of Pam Kitty Morning - YUMMY! I have a project idea so I'm hoping to start cutting this week. Blissful sigh!
According to a criminal complaint, two motorists were stopped Nov. 18, but the men didn't make contact with either driver, and a third stop was attempted. During one stop, one of the men remarked that, "No matter how many times we do this, this (expletive) never gets old."
Anyway, something has really struck me. This latest surge in popularity for Dystopian novels has been a fun thing. Well, you should read this book if you like that sort of stuff. Because guess what, we've had plenty of dystopias in the PAST. I totally feel like I'm reading a book about the future, where an evil government has taken away all of your rights and identity and what makes you unique. Where people live in daily fear of being arrested at a whim.
Can you relate to this? Have you even experienced something similar?
She saw what the welfare system had done to her and how it had kept her from achieving her highest potential. She broke free of the shackles and began preaching it from the rooftops. She became president and founder of the Coalition of Urban Renewal and Education (CURE) and self-proclaimed "former welfare queen."
Of course, it’s not all about sex. It’s about other things too. But it’s related. We wouldn’t be here without it.
As all of you know, I have plenty of qualms about the military, but this just sounds like the solution to bridging the gap between the civilian and military populations. I don’t have an idea of how we can implement something like this today, but I think we should all read this book and think about what kind of country we’re shaping for the future.
This Friday November 4th, Pyxis will be available in ebook format AND the month-long Kindle Giveaway begins. November will be full of inteviews, Pyxis reviews, ebook giveaways, and of course, the chance to win a Kindle! I have a ton of amazing bloggers helping me with these exciting events - I couldn't do this without them. I hope you'll check out their posts, leave comments, and follow their blogs.
Day 17: Do you feel your child is watching over you?
Nubby likes to hang around our neighborhood and is a frequent visitor to our backyard. He (we assume he is a he) seems to enjoy nuts and mushrooms and staring at Gromit. Now, you may be asking yourself how we know it is the same squirrel who we see hanging around. Good question.
Debbie. Hell rhymes with that? Heavy?
"On Oct. 16, 1916, she opened the first birth control clinic in the nation at 46 Amboy St. in Brooklyn. No fewer than 150 baby-buggy-pushing women from the Brownsville area lined up to pay a 10-cent registration fee. On October 25, policemen and, to her chagrin, a policewoman, raided her clinic. Sanger was charged with distributing birth control information and was imprisoned for 30 days."
When the body rids itself of toxins, it passes through the skin which is the largest elimination organ. Raw food increases your detoxification rate. Drinking water helps the body rid itself of toxins. Seaweed is high in vitamins and minerals beneficial to the skin and also helps rid the body of toxins.
But it was a long journey that ended today
“Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar’s; and unto God the things that are God’s.”
-At age 20, he found himself on the big league roster due to the bonus baby rules. He went hitless in five at-bats, but still received a full share of bonus money when New York won the World Series that fall.
Series: (Terrytoons?)
2 large crushed garlic cloves
It is so fun with the habit of kissing both cheeks. When I met the two girls (Eric's friends) it was peck, peck, when you say "good-bye" kiss kiss...
Like the Sklif of a Daylight Moon
There are no more mass civil rights demonstrations on the order of those in the 1960s. The largest one in post-civil rights America took place in Jena,Louisiana, in 2006, a racially mixed town of about 3,000, where 20,000 African-American demonstrators gathered to protest the unfair sentences meted out to six black students who had beaten a white student unconscious. The beating was in retaliation for the dangling of nooses from an oak tree by white students after a black student had asked sit in the shade of the tree “by custom” reserved for whites.
But, is that really true? In Josh Beckett’s mind, I suspect, he’s worked his butt off at this game. He’s pitched through pain. He’s delivered in big moments. He was the pitching force behind Boston’s World Series. He’s endured the pains of the game -- the slumps, the boos, the insults, the injuries. So he doesn’t want to sit in the dugout every stinking minute of every game … so he wants to take his mind off things on his day off by playing a little golf … so he doesn’t have the talent to entertain reporters and doesn’t feel like making the game look like it’s the most fun he’s ever had in his entire life … so he doesn’t want to perform Seppuku every time the Red Sox lose a game …
The first Sunday of Magdalena everyone goes to the Magdalena. At 7:30 in the morning they gather in the town square where there is a band and people are given walking sticks. I didn’t go this year, but I was up and walking around because the girls who I was staying with, my friend’s roommates, didn’t want to me be alone in their apartment. Since they left at 9, I had to too.
Unity. The one thing I know for sure, if God is who I think He is; is that he wants unity among men. Unified in love, mutual respect, accepting each other as valuable and as equal. I have no doubt about this. The cutting behaviors that start from childhood, the teasing, the “making-fun”, the tearing down of fellow humans driven by the need to feel better about ourselves needs to be unlearned. Learning to love ourselves so that we won’t feel the need to engage in this type of behavior to try, albeit wrongly, to make ourselves feel better. I can start again today to change this in myself. It is not just a behavior of children. We all do it. I’m working on that daily. I must stop muttering about the person ahead of me in line, or at the stop-light. Sounds silly and trivial, I know, but it is a starting point, and it has to start with me.
Again, consider Bangladesh, where the problem is particularly acute because we have systematically destroyed various avenues through which grass root politicians can arise. There is no student politics, or labour movement, or environmental or community movement. Local government mayors and chairmans have no authority. This seems to be a far bigger problem than worrying about the dynasties as such.
SO....since lately all I am doing is talking....move, house, move, stress I thought you all could use some me time and I am going to give away a shower gel and lotion from Layers!
I hope you'll sculpt today too!
Whatever game you play, you’re going to encounter a boss or two (or hundreds). Some of these bosses are so memorable that we’re still talking about them (or resurrecting them…) years later. One of my guildies last night was talking about something he’d like to see as a boss mechanic, and it made me wonder: if we could build our own bosses, what would they be like?
Patients I see who have had a previous experience with physical therapy present an interesting dilemma. If they saw me at an earlier time this of course makes things much easier, as we all ready have a relationship that we can build on. Patients who I haven’t seen previously but had a good experience are usually very cooperative in their care and understand the benefits of physical therapy, as it has helped them sometime in the past. It is my hope to build on their previous good experience, showing them how physical therapy, and more specifically, my approach to physical therapy, will help in returning them to a pain-free and fully functional life. If they have had a bad experience in physical therapy they usually look at me with scepticism, thinking that since physical therapy didn’t work for them the first time around that it won’t be any different this time. This makes my job a little harder. I hope that by providing a thorough evaluation and explanation of their condition as well as being professional yet approachable that I will knock down some of the barriers the patient my have from their previous experiences.
So… Now that her referral and meds have been sorted out, I’m feeling much happier. I’m going to alert PALs as to what’s been going on though, the paediatric department has shown no empathy or desire to take ownership for D, she was “discharged” due to lack of resources and left in limbo, it shouldn’t be happening. SN parents need to know that there is someone they can turn to with medical problems, resource issues or not. *gets down off soapbox* Rant over.
Got a call on the radio, not long after the start of shift, from one of the nurses down in CTC. It's at the other end of 10 house where I work and they keep the really crazy inmates down there.
Though we choose greatly, still to lack
So really, a gaming laptop has to have three key parts to live up to its name. It has to have a very fast “brain” or processor that is capable of handling complex processes. It needs RAM or random access memory so that the processor has lots of space to work with the data. Lastly, it needs a good graphics card to take the bulk of the graphics processing and not overwork the processor and memory. Remember these key things and you are on your way to getting the best gaming notebook out there. Again, read reviews and forums about gaming rigs. It should not take you more than an hour to feel confident when shopping around. The members of the gaming community are more than happy to share their knowledge and opinions about the newest rigs and technology so make full use of the info that they offer.
My opinion.
If you want to say that I was a drum major, say that I was a drum major for justice. (Amen)
Soooo, last night I went and tried to pick up the cards. I was immediately pissed off because it wasn’t a card. It was 20 – 5×7 prints. Really!?! We exchanged words & my mom told me to stop being so rude. I wasn’t being rude, I was just expressing my irritation.
No matter the convenience of modern technology, if all that we value is kept in tiny soulless devices then the future of humanity is indeed bleak. If all that we can look forward to is endless convenience and the gradual erosion of beauty then we have little to view that is positive save convenience. We enter the world of Blade Runner.
Paid: $7 total
I have a whole room at the back of my house – my study – with floor-to-ceiling shelves of books. I often devour a book in a day, especially on days when I’m too poorly to do much else.
This work in progress is an early sample of skin shaders we are experimenting with. TNG Visual Effects artists enjoy bringing as much realism to the screen as possible when creating photorealistic digital assets. Our goal is to provide our customers with a gateway to a seamless transition between live shot and digital double.
me: All you do is talk about yourself.
They have never seen the sunshine, nor the glory
Take a moment to write down some of the beliefs you have about reality. What do you believe to be true about your health, career, relationships, finances, spirituality, etc? Then go over the eight criteria above to see how they measure up. If you don’t like what you see, craft more effective beliefs to replace the old ones. Remember that your beliefs are not mere observations of reality — they shape and create your reality as well. Many of the thoughts you hold most sacred may reveal their hidden falsehoods once you take the opportunity to test one or two alternatives.
FREE ADMISSION!
Ink: Memento Black and Green, PTI Summer Sunrise, Berry Sorbet, Spring Moss, Aqua Mist, Hawaiian Shores
US Study Trip Meeting 9 – 2/11/11, 10am
A giant inverted steel pyramid is perfectly balanced on its point. Any movement of the pyramid will cause it to topple over. Underneath the pyramid is a $100 bill. How do you remove the bill without disturbing the pyramid?
So I’ve taken multimedia writing courses, essay writing, literary fiction and nonfiction, critical (reading and) writing, travel and business writing, magazine article writing, and research paper writing. And you know what I’ve learned? That I’m a better writer for it. And that I definitely have a lot more to learn. ~ cs
I was making my 4th crocheted hat...when it came to me just how to make a tam... I knew I was going to have to make me one...and I set to work... this is my first crocheted tam. Then as I was making this one I had all kinds of things come to my mind... So I made the next one down.... then when I woke up in the middle of the night after finishing the second one... the one with the fun bobbles...I knew just how I wanted to make a matching scarf...so after my nap today I set to work.
I exhibit these stages when the children are away**, (see below if you fancy an insight into the times when they are here) and I think I do okay, (even if I do say so myself), when they are around to be as normal as I can be. Don't laugh- I can be normal! The stages look something like this:
I met Sean at the appointed time (I am pretty sure he was late, he always is) and gushed about what a wonderful day I had with a friend.
I would love any comments here or on the website itself or even questions regarding this. I would love to know how I can share with others to assist them.
There is almost nothing that is not overly positive I can say about this book. Almost True is amazing, and it climbing it's way to the top of the List of My Favourite Books, as we speak. Well, I write and you read, but whatever. Keren David is an extraordinary writer, and if you don;t go and read her books and praise her almost immediately, then I promise that I will virtually murder you with a broom. (In the best way possible, mind you. Oh, and yes, I do know that I am insane, thank you very much. There is nothing that you or I can do about it.) The plot and the characterization are perfect, the cover isn't quite perfect but whatever. Small details do not concern me, for this book is compelling. So much so, and please disregard that comment on how long it took me to read this. Just that part, though. Not the part about it being good. It is very good, which is why the Darklings and me believe that you should read it. We are not misguided for once.
I appreciate the concern for me and my time, but I feel respected. If I didn't, I would reexamine my own free choice to live this way. I also show respect for other people, and I help my children understand how to do so.
I find that one a little martial for my taste, but this highlights the mainspring of the tragedy in these poems. These men weren’t unwilling conscripts: so many of them left school and university with heads full of Virgil and Horace, and marched straight into a human abbatoir. This was what Wilfred Owen was driving at when he quoted Horace in Dulce et Decorum est, which inevitably is featured in this volume. I shan’t quote from it, because everyone knows it already. This classical education, which encouraged verse composition, gives rise to moments of elegiac beauty, like this from Leslie Coulson’s From the Somme. He was killed in 1916.
These women are super talented and I am so glad they
She did go to school this afternoon though.
So, as you can see girls, we have a lot to discuss concerning how we will unveil this latest most excellent dis of those stinky boys!!!! Watcha think?
Length: 518″
In my house, I have neutral colored rugs. Sandy brown, speckled beige, and I even chose a cream colored carpet for the dining room. The dining room!
In any event, these new "objections" identify what was to me the most frustrating aspect of Judge Berchelmann's work: He didn't actually issue findings on most of the questions asked of him, instead opining at length on other topics. Nobody asked him whether the Texas Defender Service or Judge Keller was more at fault, but that was the main focus of his writing. What's more, "The Special Master exceeded his role by making recommendations as to sanctions, if any." Said examiners:
Yet her innate ability morphs into an unchecked desire for justice—or is it vengeance?—whenever she’s forced to Kill a murder victim, craving to stop the attackers before they can strike again. So when people start to die—that is, people who aren’t supposed to be dying, people who have committed grievous crimes against the innocent—Lex’s curiosity is piqued. Her obsession grows as the bodies pile up, and a troubling question begins to swirl through her mind: if she succeeds in tracking down the murderer, will she stop the carnage—or will she ditch Croak and join in?
“Good,” she said and seemed to relax a bit.
Somewhat dispirited by my debate with one of those Christians who thinks that condemnation of homosexuality is the touchstone of Christianity- if you do not condemn it, you are not a proper Christian- I was delighted to read this. I find myself wondering, what would a literal translation say? Though other cultures do not condemn homosexuality nearly as much as these obsessive Evangelicals do, would Hafiz really have written this? Or would he have had a “spiritual” interpretation, nothing to do with sex at all? Actually, it does not matter. I read the English words now, and delight in them. I give light spiritually at the moment, but it is lovely to think that I am capable of giving light carnally.
Of course we are aware that it could have just been a temporary improvement, but just to see him calm, even just for a little while was a real bonus, we are praying though that the Dementia has moved to a different phase and the awful tormented time has gone.
The BNP had a good chance in the Welsh Assembly elections till Griffin supported violent thugs against a BNP councillor and drove away the councillor. Then he had his photograph taken in Soth Wales with a Nutzi. The BNP had a good chance in the Welsh assembly but Griffin has scuppered them.
2 large onions peeled and roughly chopped
But even though I didn’t run, I got to take part in another kind of race–a race against time. Final grades were due by 2:30 today, and I finished with five minutes to spare. Also, my semester of grad school is ending soon, so tonight I started work on the final project for one class, and now I’ve got to keep working on the other assignment for the other class. I’ve got so much anxiety over these things that I’ve had terrible heartburn for the last couple days. A slight amount of anxiety can be an effective motivator for me, but this is crippling. I’m so close, yet so very far. I apologize for going on about something that doesn’t seem relevant to this blog’s purposes, but it kinda relates, because this is another reason why I need to run! It’s the best stress-reliever there is.
Things around me are not clear,
09. Petit Kid Everett
21. Slouching Towards Bethlehem 4.04 (93/85)
3. Then put one hand on the top of the other hand between your chest and upper stomach, and start reciting surah “al fatiha”, say “ameen” once you finish it, and then start reciting another small surah.
And other matters deemed of EXTREME importance to some (Ms B) such as the ground floor neighbour's bicycle being stored in the hallway and blocking access to the cellar. Oh yes.
Adam's flat was dark, warm and smelled delicious. That was my comment when I got in. When I opened the door to his lounge, "Surprise!!!" shouted everyone. All my colleagues and friends were there. I was so shocked!!
Growing corn is easy to start out. Peel corn kernels from fresh sweet corn, and then watch the seedlings coming out in a week time. Baby corn will start to grow within 2 months and that’s the time to watch out for pests like grasshoppers. I use newspaper to fan the leaves and grasshoppers will start jumping out one by one which I can easily catch them all. I don’t really like to spend time catching pests, so I keep a few frogs and toads around to do the job. They are excellent helpers and amaze to watch them grow such big size in short period of time.
About a month ago, I was pleased and surprised and a little confused to receive a comment from Dora at Turns of Endearment informing me that I had been awarded a Versatile Blogger Award. Honestly, I should also add “suspicious” to that list of reactions. I have to be careful; I can be a sucker. Though being married to the man I’m married to has educated my, how shall I say, inner skeptic.
Phew - what a fab list!
8) Lamps are freaking EVERYWHERE. They have no shortage of light in this city.
And here they are when I got home! I bought these fab little clip on shoe bows from Pretty Neat Feet to add to my shoes to accesorize different outfits… Yes, yes, I know they’re mix-match but don’t worry I bought both in a set of two, I just couldn’t resist showing you both styles!
A photographer is searching for a woman he caught on camera nearly forty years ago.
and We’re not trembling
Finally, there are our two young lovers caught in this dreadful mess. Rollin’s movies tend to revolve more on emotion than dialogue; and in particular he focused a lot on the emotion of loneliness. In Shiver, the horror, sadness and loneliness of the story comes mainly from how the vampires come between the young couple and destroy their relationship. Julien and Durand do a perfect job of portraying the strain and awkwardness that is increasingly interfering with Isle’s and Antoine’s new marriage. It is hard not to feel for Antoine as dark influences take his love away from him and he is unable to do anything about it.
And then it comes back to my remembrance, what I read in His book right there in Exodus. He took the children of Israel through the wilderness because He loved them and He didn't want them to be frightened when they saw war.
"Not yet," I say.
“Slave?”
the definition
I’m very excited about this. I have been in touch with some retailers about putting a few in their shop.
Publisher of the Year
I vowed to never again allow such garbage to foul my perfectly pristine peristaltic processes.
One of the tallest buildings in Solitude is now before me. And I know which one it is. The Bard’s College design is intricate, regal, and grand. I feel humbled to gaze upon such splendor.
Yep, that's one way to sway people to your side, destroy stuff. What a bunch of fucking morons. Do these dumbasses really think they are accomplishing something? Do they think anyone will take them seriously?
When I first found out that I would have to leave my job earlier than anticipated and not have any time off between work and school I wasn’t too happy. But the closer and closer I got to starting my training session the more I realized how relieved I was to be getting these 6 weeks of training before being tossed into a Freshman Comp class of my own.
Aurore was a spirited, sister-woman writer who railed against patriarchy in her own unique way. Even in the publishing world which can be “so political” as one of my cherished writing instructors and long-time writing group comrades, Bill Burns, often said. More about Bill and his 1999 Special Achievement Award here:
That being said... Let's make this one count!
up to heaven
I played. I changed it. I went jazzy and zizzy and hated it. I tried to change it back, but couldn't. I tried plain, pink, blue, green and any other colour I could find, but I didn't like them. However, of course, being a coffee lover, I decided the obvious choice was coffee.
Now on to the beer itself.
Next, mix in the eggs at a low speed. Add one at a time and blend just until incorporated. Scrape the sides as needed.
But you’ve used up all your coupons
Okay, so I will admit that I'm on a bit of a Jasper Fforde bender at the moment and have just last night finished The Fouth Bear. I know I've been going on about him a lot lately, but he really IS worth the fuss! The Fourth Bear is one of the Nursery Crimes series and involves Goldilocks and the three bears, as well as a cameoes from the Gingerbreadman and Punch & Judy, amongst many other literary references. It's stacked to the rafters with golden moments but the one below is genius and made me laugh out loud. Detective Jack Spratt is imparting gossip to Sergeant Mary Mary...
And what does the Bible say? “I prophesied as I was commanded.” I think this means that he did as he was told, and he told as he was told. Then he says, “While I was prophesying, there was a rattling…” You see, here a beautiful thing: Nothing happened until Ezekiel started preaching. Nothing happens apart from the proclamation of the Word of God. If Ezekiel had just stood there, silent, disobedient, nothing would have happened. The bones would not have rattled. The tendons would not have appeared. Flesh would not have appeared. Skin would not have covered the flesh.
Maisa: What’s new?
I also want to get a MacBook Pro for school, and I’m torn between the different models, sizes, blah and keep going back and forth between them all. I want it to bootcamp Windows 7 and OS X, so I know my only option is a MBP, but at the same time it must be powerful enough to play Diablo 3, Warcraft and whatever else I can cram down it’s throat.
Me: (looking through window) Oh my God, Barry's fallen in!
for a while, and gone my way
The only major issue I have with this movie is its length. After trailers, you spend about 2 1/2 hours in the theater. That is a little ridiculous. But since I can’t imagine them cutting any of the scenes out, I’ll let it slide.
I'm so excited to see the announcement of the Cybils winners this week. The Cybils Awards honor children's and young adult books that combine literary excellence with kid appeal. As the Cybils website states, "If some la-di-dah awards can be compared to brussel sprouts, and other, more populist ones to gummy bears, we’re thinking more like organic chicken nuggets. We’re yummy and nutritious."
Do you write funny stories? Have you enjoyed an author's style or voice? Who makes you laugh?
step 4: the flower center - you can use brads, buttons, eyelets, rhinestones or anything that comes to mind; if you choose a brad, you can use a paper piercing tool to make a hole through all the layers and attach the brad through the hole; fluff up the flower.
He loves being tickled, eating rice cereal, toys of any kind, mimicking "raspberry" noises from mommy and daddy, showers, holding drinking glasses, going to the Thai restaurant (the owner loves him!), sitting at the dinner table, and staring at the cat (she does not reciprocate those feelings).
Now, I don’t blind date – never have, not my style – but I imagine that the process I go through looking for new music is not unlike the blind dating process, and whenever I find really great new music, I always make a mental note so that one day down the line – when we’re celebrating our 10th anniversary or making a toast at our kids wedding – we can reminisce about that first time we met. The Rosie Burgess Trio and I met on a cold November day. I was sitting in a coffee shop with my posse; the grad student in English lit and the freelance film director. To my right the former is wading through obnoxiously dense analytical writing in an effort to make sense of some classic (read: convoluted and boring) poetry, while across the table, the later is editing a film script while attempting to write an email in Italian. I’ve decided that I am on a mission to find some totally awesome new music. I keep a long list of names of artists who I’ve read about or who have been recommended to me and from time to time I pull that list out and start trying them out, one by one. So here I am in a speed dating frenzy, and most of these folks across the table from me are just kind of bleh. I mean a few are nice but not really my type, one is really instrumentally attractive but the voice is so irritating it’s actually comical, and one is super attractive with a really pleasant voice, but the lyrics are so cliche and uninspired it just ruins it. And then there was Rosie.
My own contribution is 100 new lines from The Katechon (cover image above), letterpressed start to finish on the Heidelberg, and I'll hand this out FOR FREE to friends and colleagues who drop by. You can also pick up really stunning new chapbooks from the following whipsmart up-and-coming poets:
Please note: If you like good beer, this is what your government thinks of you.
One of my office buddies asked me how I could consider people I would never meet my friends. I asked him what he knew about allowing for the turn of the cloth on the roll line of a collar stand, he just rolled his eyes. I think its a little arrogant to assume that the best people to be friends with are within arms reach, sometimes we just need to grow long arms.
Please see the price, availability and shipping terms of Sea Gull Lighting 31191-962 Serenity Five-Light Chandelier, Brushed Nickel Finish with Alabaster Glass from the merchant’s website by click on the link above.
The curtains are hung in the baby's room now too, so I'll show you those once the curtain rod is trimmed and has received it's finials. Fingers crossed, the white panel wall will go up this weekend!
8.) I recently spent an afternoon rolling a few of my own.
Except that all the machines I have encountered in London only dispense £10 and £20 notes. That includes Barclays, Lloyds, NatWest, HSBC, Halifax, Santander and Nationwide.
My Saturday started early.
Okay..now. Let's get baking!
The first screening is already fixed for the 24th May in London. Other screenings in other cities will follow – the programme will certainly tour!
We have a tenancy to think that how things are now, is pretty much how they have always been, with only fashions and our tech toys changing.
Cancer is progressive, so is syphilis, woodworm, dry rot and dementia, and all of them bring friendlier changes than have the “progressive” politicians and reformers of our age.
Anyway, I've been wanting to tell you guys about this for a very, very long time, and now I finally can!
16. Actor Charlton Heston “parted” the Red Sea attraction on the Universal Studios Tour at the attraction’s grand opening in 1973.
They were not only forcing people out of their homes, but then also depriving humans of their basic rights as they controlled how Cambodians acted, what they wore, who they could talk to, and many other aspects of their lives.
fill me with power and perserverence.
I've also picked up this lovely little display cabinet which will also be subjected to a coat of paint. But I think I'll keep this one - its already been awarded a spot in our bedroom.
And when he was tasked to give the details, he could not explain, the Prime Minister however insisted that he did not have the name of the officer but said he would bring the details to the house when police investigations have been concluded.
Now, onto the not-so-hot. There were some things I thought that Rock N Roll could have done a lot better, and worryingly, they both relate to safety.
Meanwhile, I was trying to videotape Savannah pitching so I didn't immediately intervene. As the inning ended and I started walking toward Brooklyn, the umpire (a teenage girl with an attitude) said, to no one in particular, "Someone better give that brat what she wants!" Little did she know I was the mother of said "brat". I looked at her and said, "Actually, no, I'm not going to give in to her demands." The ump muttered, "I'm sorry."
Anyways, two ways to get your name in the "drawing":
The so-called handover is merely a symbolic act that does little to alter the daunting reality on the ground. The only move that could bring real change is the complete withdrawal of the United States.
Have a fantastic week! xoxoxo Eila
Amish Acres is an Amish amusement park. People who work there wear "costumes" - for the Amish workers it's their everyday wear. There are rides (the Carriage Ride of Terror and the Horse and Buggy of Death - not the actual names). They have a theme restaurant (Eat like the Amish without all the back breaking field work and barn raising! -- not the actual slogan.) There are gift shoppes ("fun" old timey amusement park spelling of shops) filled with apple butter, zucchini bread, and Amish action figures. It's sort of like Disneyland ... minus the technology. Needless to say, parking was easy and there was no tram from the lot to the gate.
secluded islands full of sunshine and nature???
It was just a matter of time.
While at the restaurant, Caleb was a huge hit. The owners came out to play with him and it gave me a glimpse of what it will be like when I take him to Korea this summer. Someone's gonna get spoiled and I cannot freaking wait for him to see my mom's side of the family! I'm definitely homesick.
- Roy looks so much better without the Santa beard!
December 4, 2011 Sunday
In the 1930′s Arthur Brooke launched ‘Pre-Gest-Tee” to suggest you should drink tea before you digest. Grocers then abbreviated it to PG, and ‘tips’ was put on to show that PG uses the two leaves at the top of the plant and it’s bud to make it’s traditional brew.
•Tattoo Mystique… The art and world of Angelique Houtkamp: If you fell in love with Angelique after checking out "Tattoo Darling" then you need to grab yourself a copy "Tattoo Mystique" as well. This second volume takes a peek into Angelique's personal collection, more full color reproductions & an interview with Angelique by Gemma Jones.
And now your running from me
The second Kith’takharos adventure. (I’m using the Savage Worlds versions, by the way.)
Let’s start with an overview first. There are a few major themes one should notice about Genesis 1, the first of which is a theme of separation. Consider the following verses:
-“No, I don’t want (specific item)…I want, I want (specific item)!” - Oh, how I love my son and oh, how he can drive completely insane. Is it normal for him to be the most conflicted, wishy-washy tike on the planet?
Christmasland ReCollections by Ralph del Pozzo and David High, 2006. 128 pages.
AG: Well, I stopped seeing them as separate, so this identification, this wholeness, the integration of the spiritual and the scientific, was very important for me. Mystics often warn people, “Look, don’t divide your life into this and that.” For me it came naturally becauseI discovered the new way of doing science when I discovered spirit. Spirit was the natural basis of my being, so after that, whatever I do, I don’t separate them very much.
You get around 900-1200 calories a day (depending on fruit intake) if you follow the plan, so you won’t be a zombie for three days, but it can be slightly difficult at first. Don’t plan on working out too hard during these days due to the calorie intake. The cleanse can also be modified to 1 or 2 days to fit your liking or schedule. It’s not meant to be done for more than 3 days.
-- There are some people that if they don't know, you can't tell them.
Listen to Wild Stories
H&R are still getting their daily fix of TV time. I think I was unrealistic in how quickly we would be able to resume our normal routine after Baby E arrived. Going out once a day is a big accomplishment. I had no idea how long it would take my body to bounce back, since it still hasn't! So when I was given the opportunity to review Dance Pocoyo Dance! DVD I pounced on it, since it would get the boys moving, albeit inside the house. Dance Pocoyo Dance! is based on the Pocoyo animated television series and encourages kids to get up and dance, jump and have fun for hours. The music provides high-energy participation, and Pocoyo and his animal friends, Elly the elephant, Pato the duck, and Loula the dog, add to the excitement.
What we see here is first of all a smug, self-righteous boycott of Israeli settlement goods. This has unfortunately become so routine that most of us, at least in Israel, are completely unaware of this anti-Israel activity.
Ok then. I’d rather you stay safe and unhurt, but if that’s what your really want, you have my permission to risk your life so that you can live it and risk hurt so that you can find pleasure. Because there is good stuff out there too, fun, friends, pleasure, adventure, learning and all kinds of interesting things. Live it up! If that’s what you like., but please do be just a little careful?
They would know what it meant to meet their maker, to meet the reaper, not a person, not breathing or even rotting. The reaper that sat in his hand. They would know what it meant then. When the dark barrel was pointed into their face and they were force to look into the darkness of their death.
Well, if this episode is any indication, there will be more scandal, heartbreak and backstabbing. How I missed you Gossip Girl! After a long break, we pick things up with Blair acting more secretive than ever, Chuck and Louis teaming up (yeah, like that will last!) and Charlie still missing. Where to begin?
Skirt Lifter Imperial Hefe Weiss - Or, as I have thought about calling it: Banana beer! It fermented a bit hot, and so there was some very strong banana esters. So strong that it disguised the fact that it is about 8.3% abv. (OG 1088, FG 1026). It's muddy, though. I have racked it to secondary and will keg it this weekend. But when I racked it, I discovered the source of the muddiness: the spigot was an inch below the surface of the yeast cake!
Life is a game, play it.
We took our trip south to the Monterey and Carmel area where we relaxed with beautiful surroundings and winter sun. Found a breakfast place in Pacific Grove that served a fabulous frittata. No complaints...great place to sit and watch the waves.
986 **D-X/4/1987. “Wishful Thinking and the Apocalypse.” Lake Shore Unitarian Universalist Society, Winnetka, Illinois. See Item D-IV/24(B)/1998 and s D-II/4/1999, below. (Incorporated in Item C-1992(2), pp. 579-88.)
Fessler effectively exposes the trauma faced by many of our all American high school (and college) sweethearts. Each of these women are just like us. The audience easily identifies with every one.
Me: ...so we ran to the store, then talked to his dad about the results on Skype.
Class.
Guns. Torture. Killing. MORE GUNS!
Oh, well. I’m going to buy my sister a ticket so she can come, because I can’t really invite her and then not pay for her ticket, and I’m going to enjoy going out with her, and I just won’t drink any wine.
A 2011 film, The Flowers of War is a Chinese historical drama starring Christian Bale who plays John Miller, an American mortician who arrives in Nanjing during the Japanese invasion in 1937. Miller is reluctant to help the refugees trapped in the church, but poses as the resident priest in order for them to help evade Japanese forces. It’s a Chinese-produced film directed by Zhang Yimou, filmed in Mandarin, English and Japanese. Most of the cast is Asian, but the film heavily promotes Bale in the trailer and the posters.
Again, genetics in action.
@GregFrayser: O'Reilly chops off Beck's hand with lightsaber, reveals he is Beck's father
Worth: $20 total
Quote: Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you’re right. ~ Henry Ford
Canvases were half price at the craft store. And I bought this T-square with a coupon.
R says lots of words these days. Some are easy to understand like mama or dada. Others are more difficult like burr, which means bear or waaa which is water or drink.
Why, I asked him, shouldn’t Republicans learn from their 2010 midterm victory that an unswerving opposition to Obama is politically profitable?
I once met a man. He was an exaggerated, excessive man
Tossers –literally masturbaters. Means idiots.
Ware had two projects in progress at Motown during this period. He was producing songs for T-Boy Ross, and he was recording his own solo album. But when label president Berry Gordy heard one of the proposed Ross tracks, "I Want You," he decided that Marvin Gaye should cut it instead. And when Gaye heard the material Ware had done for his album, it was turned into a Gaye LP instead. Ware produced what now became Gaye's I Want You album, released on Tamla in March 1976, having co-written all the songs on it. The title tune (co-written with Ross) topped the R&B charts and made the Top 20 of the pop charts. It went on to become a standard, covered by Herb Alpert, Gato Barbieri, Madonna, and Michael McDonald among many others. Robert Palmer's medley of it with "Mercy Mercy Me (The Ecology)," another Gaye hit, reached the pop Top 20 in 1991. The I Want You album went to number one on the R&B charts and the Top Ten of the pop charts. It spun off a second single, "After the Dance," co-written by Ware, Ross, and Gaye, that made the R&B Top 20 and was a pop chart entry.
John Kiriakou, who had previously revealed the CIA’s use of waterboarding of Al-Qaeda suspects, was charged in January with leaking secrets. The indictment allows the case to proceed to trial without an evidentiary hearing.
if you were to read my post thoroughly i am actually trying to emphasize on the effects of the "youth power" , i wont be explaining or upholding the idea brought by the IC on the KONY 2012 case. no.
A short time later we were riding one Sunday afternoon April 30, 1961 just a couple of blocks from home. It was a beautiful spring day, sunny and warm. I had stopped momentarily near the crest of a hill on Rittenhouse Street to adjust the buckle on a shoe I was wearing. I hopped back on and began peddling fast and furious in my effort to catch up. A short distance ahead I watched Michael coast down the short hill and pass through an “uncontrolled” intersection with no stop signs, at the bottom. Suddenly a car driven by a local well-known plumber, John C. Dorsey, came through the intersection from the left and struck Michael on his bicycle. I still remember vividly the sound of his bike as it broke into pieces and watching Michael’s body thrown across the street and fall to the lawn of a corner house.
Anyway, maybe somebody can help me with my ignorance. Until then, my advice is to run like you're supposed to and stay at least 30 feet away from donuts.
Mary had always loved the way the lilacs blossomed in the Spring. The scent filled her room when she left the windows open at night and gave her such nice dreams. That fake, lotiony smell wasn't the same. It never lifted her out of the dumpy trailer and into a fairy castle like the real thing did.
Another way of getting noticed by search engines is to use social media. There are social bookmarking sites that can be joined awhere the target website’s product is talked about. Then there is article writing. This is what I have just accomplished for the first time. I wrote an article on coffee and had it published at an online site that publishes original content, something written by the person submitting. I plan to write at least twice a month and get it published.
when ink is spilled
b) Jordan loses 40% of its fresh water to evaporation, bad infrastructure, leakage etc compared to Israel 10%
Gel Stick- Place Gel Stick directly onto the stain, pressing down to dispense the concentrated gel. Rub into fabric and allow to stand 5-10 minutes before washing in the warmest water allowed for the fabric. For BEST results, treat stains immediately. (or, if you're like me...you can wait about a week and still get good results from those nasty, set-in-stains!)
As a final note, I watched this on a free movie channel on the Roku. This channel, Drive-In Classics, cuts into the film at regular intervals with advertising. I don’t much mind the ads, except that many of them cut off halfway through and take a long time to queue up. It would bother me a lot less if someone would find good places to slip the ads in. Frequently, the ads show up in the middle of someone’s line or a tense sequence, which sort of kills the mood.
Advocating a risky market fix to a massive market failure under circumstances of widespread market meltdown is the latest version of state failure. If, as expected, US President Barack Obama nominates Summers to take over from the neo-conservative now holding the World Bank presidency, Robert Zoellick, then he may be committing one of the world’s worst-ever state failures.
The whole thing has developed a life of its own. Some bloggers are understandably upset about the comments from the platform of the Head Kevin, seemingly offered to his beardy, sandal-wearing activist base to give them an Aunt Sally to shy at should the matter come before them in the future. Some defend the Kevin position - if you aren't a Kevin, put up or shut up. If you are, have your say.
He strained to hear the drip of a melting icicle, a drift of falling snow, the rustle of a waking squirrel in a lofty nest. Peering at his backtrail, Brodie stepped backwards, shaking his feet to reposition the snowshoes and not caring about the increased noise. If his stalker thought he was on the move, perhaps the person, or beast, would reveal themselves. Brodie's skin crawled with the sense of being watched, but nothing besides himself moved.
He's former Gannett NBC affiliate WKYC/3 Cleveland anchor Tim White, who we thought was happy living in Wyoming after leaving 13th and Lakeside.
Time for a little shameless self promotion.
Hello again...wow that seemed to be a quick week, big Thank you to everyone who played along with our Easter challenge we had lots of entries this week.
“Oh, geez! What was this guy’s name again?” to:
THE MOUNTAINS OF KREE
On Monday they released him from the ICU! He's still admitted in the hospital, but it sure felt good to be sent down to the 4th floor!
From Amazon:
Is it that by its indefiniteness it shadows forth the heartless voids and immensities of the universe, and thus stabs us from behind with the thought of annihilation, when beholding the white depths of the milky way? Or is it, that as in essence whiteness is not so much a color as the visible absence of color, and at the same time the concrete of all colors; is it for these reasons that there is such a dumb blankness, full of meaning, in a wide landscape of snows – a colorless, all- color of atheism from which we shrink?
When we fall in love ……
And The Dark Fortress of Doom
But still, I don’t know exactly why I am not excited for
Phytomedicine. 2000 Dec;7(6):463-9. Related Articles, Links
So was the Brazilian approach better? The arrival time was much better. The act of eating buffet appetizers was not. I still had those awkward conversations attempted in Portuguese over the sound of screaming children and video games, as well as those awkward conversations even in English (I really think, as a culture, the Brazilians don’t get my sense of humor). But my daughter had fun and we spent a Saturday night together, which of course, offsets any of the inconveniences.
The father, the seer, you be
I've also been busy stalking partners in two swaps, Mouthy Stitches and the Name Game. That has been taking up a lot of my time this week.
Nothing at all, but rather, to watch through white wind
Whoopsie, my blood pressure was too high and they cancelled my surgery. Oops? lol. Best part was when the hospital's auto bp machine wigged out...got red marks on my right arm which are not going away after 13 hours. The track marks on both arms combined with my overweight body must make me look like a broke ass junky who spent her money on mac & cheese instead of her 8ball.
Scotch Tape
Mixing stamp sets are so much fun..truly enjoyed the process!
The old school stares
The film's German title is 'Verdammt, die Zombies kommen', which is roughly Oh Crap, the Zombies Are Coming and the Danish title is 'Ligene er ligeglade' which is roughly Corpses Doesn't Care -- playing up the comical aspect of the film.
Of course, that was a while ago, and it doesn't look nearly so tidy anymore. I am a messy crafter. When I work, I like to spread everything out, and right now my crafting table is covered in scraps of paper, bits of fabric, and a few half-finished projects.
11. Steady And Stable (Strange Roads) feat. Chokeules, Richard Benjamin, MC Homeless, Riddlore? & Timbuktu
I will be starting a new job come the 14th, and I am also trying to get a part-time job for just the Summer months. The process is slow, of course, but I already have one interview lined up for next week.
"Yeah. I know," Rick said. "Got some water and jerky in the back if you want some."
Hung with purple,
‘Je me lève’ and you know how to say you got up:
Well, in this last relationship, there were comments about how his ex wouldn't get up and shower on a given day and he'd be like, "What the hell? Aren't you going to do something with yourself today?" He wouldn't necessarily say it aloud, but he'd think it. He was also sure to tell me about it. Repeatedly. And he'd jokingly (we know that most of what people say jokingly, there is usually some truth to, right?) make comments if he came home from work on Saturday and I hadn't gotten myself showered, dressed and made up. Eventually, I began to feel the pressure of having to go through my morning routine seven days a week. This is not relaxing for me. It's stressful. And I allowed this to take over. I allowed this to happen. I didn't allow myself to be me nor was I with someone who was accepting of me.
Once both cakes were baked and cooled, I began making the filling. Since I knew that the brown sugar cake was going to be pretty sweet, I wanted the filling to be light. so I whipped up a batch of cream cheese frosting, and then lightened it with a batch of freshly whipped cream.
some spring onion for garnishing
The one positive thing in my life this weekend was finally, FINALLY, getting enough dirt to fill that f-ing raised bed garden. But I didn’t even have enough time to plant anything. And don’t you even think for a minute that, “well it’s okay Julie, your little seedlings will do okay for another week in their egg cartons”, because I KILLED THEM. I TOLD YOU I WOULD. I HATE MYSELF. I had been growing them outside during the day and then taking them in at night so I wouldn’t really have to harden them. But then we got some snow a couple weeks ago and I took them in and forgot to put them back outside for a few days after. During that indoor time they really started growing, so when I finally brought them back outside they were pretty much Scorching Colorado Sun newbies. Shit.
I narrowed it down by making it a challenge... choosing something I've never done before.
Well this is one I wasn't expecting to do today. It was supposed to be a Mikkeller day off today as I was out and about in London so wouldn't have time for a review. Fate intervened. We paid a visit to Craft Beer Co this evening and this tasty little double IPA was on tap and I simply couldn't resist. Apologies for the bad photography but the camera on my phone isn't great.
To order a flag custom made for you....visit the Flag section at www.lipstickranch.com.
It's not about what's occurred in history, it's about what's happened in our own lives every few years. We have to end former versions of ourselves, and begin anew. Grasping this philosophy can make the “death” phases easier to bear, knowing that a job loss or empty nest (or just a deep funk that doesn't seem to have any real cause) is a necessary part of the cycle.
Tomato, 1 pc, cut into 4
The John Deer recording on Royal American is particularly interesting because it is, in fact, a cover version of a single released in 1971 by the group C-Company Featuring Terry Nelson (an Alabama-based radio DJ), which sold over two million copies and hit number 37 on the US Billboard charts. Unsurprisingly, neither of the Gene Marshall recordings troubled the charts.
academic performance in middle school.
So, let's do it. Let's make addicts patients, and dealers irrelevant and priced out of the market, so that criminality isn't the obvious option out of the hole people are in. Welsh Lib Dem policy is already to decriminalise drugs, for exactly these reasons. I probably won't be at federal conference this year because I can't afford it, but I think Ewan Hoyle is a brilliant man, and I am pretty psyched about his motion calling for a government backed inquiry. He's a lot more measured and succinct in his discussion than I am to boot: today he's said "It is important not only to examine the opportunities we haven't given youth, but also the hugely lucrative criminal opportunities we have. Removing the drug trade from criminal gangs would force many young people to seek legitimate employment elsewhere and be less likely to see criminal behaviour as acceptable or attractive. The culture of criminality likely stems from this massive market we have handed to criminal gangs that recruit footsoldiers, dealers and runners from the ranks of kids who should be studying, training, or practising skills."
Lent, with its 40 work days before the Easter celebration, is a good time to invite Christ into your everyday life. Visualize Jesus settling into your home, not so much as houseguest as a member of the family. Don’t confine him to one room–give him the run of the house. Will his presence change your routine?
I reviewed what compare and contrast meant (again) and made a quick Venn diagram on the board comparing two things.
It’s just a thought.
And thereby we find Lord Astor reiterating the reasons why the coalition efforts must fail. On the one hand, the separation of military and political efforts defies sense, failing as it does to recognise the Clausewitz teaching. But, worse still, the flaw is in seeking an "Afghan-led political process", which is still further separated from the military effort.
Our tradition holds that RSi atharvan discovered the fire. He found the way by which fire could be produced with araNi sticks and that he systematized it in a way that the other rishis could easily replicate this process. Then, our tradition tells us that Viswamitra विश्वामित्र learned it and introduced this mechanism for quickly starting up this fire into the Rg Veda. See : Atharvan discovered the fire. Viswamitra Institutionalised it
So, in summary, I can highly recommend The Making of Harry Potter for all fans of the series, or even just wannabe film makers who want to see the sheer amount of effort that goes into making a movie like these. It’s a resounding success through and through, and it will – deservedly, but begrudgingly – be lining J.K. Rowling’s pockets with extra wads of cash (not that she needs them) for a good while to come. Prepare to unleash your inner Muggle and be spellbound by this series all over again.
You are complete, the completeness that has come from completeness.
06. Remember Me (AESTHETISCHE remix)
The doorman looks over suspiciously. Fortunately, someone gets up and gestures back – clearly Ian Hays, the man himself -so the doorman nods reluctantly.
Sections of the book about behavior patterns, with cited studies on structure of predation and attack history, show how deviously calculating and how much of an aberration this tiger was. It’s kind of amazing. Not that I assumed tigers were dumb, but I wouldn’t ascribe that kind of abstract thinking to them. He formulated a revenge plot, held onto the idea, stalked, destroyed stuff, waited up to 48 hours, and ate him as part of the revenge. Mind: blown.
2 cups powdered sugar
405 E 7th Street, Austin Texas 78701
(N.B.: click on the images for an enlargement.)
Then I had to get the key to get into Everling’s room which I vaguely recalled killing some mobs in a room close by. I chose to cheat at this point and brought up the Allakhazam.com page for the quest. This sped things up dramatically.
1) A magic lamp 2) My beautiful wife 3) Unlimited source of food and water.
His arrest and conviction is the reason why Lambert has waged a verbal war against the R&B singer.
Playing bongos with a group of friends on the steps of the Staten Island Museum (apparently security guards do not approve).
Dogfish Head Punkin' Ale
*Open to US residents only
Cyclone Anaya’s Mexican Kitchen
"Mine."
WordPress version 3.0.5 is already in the market.
Eli Lilly filed for en banc review, and the Federal Circuit denied the motion by a narrow 5-4 margin. A dissenting opinion authored by Newman (and joined by Rader, Lourie and Linn) argued that the law of double patenting "has become distorted by divergent statements":
Along the top of my so saffron designer series paper I used my scallop border punch and just along the bottom of my card front I decided to add bit of scoring (using my score tool) and some paper piercing. Paper scoring and paper piercing are two great ways to add a little something to your card.
In order to defeat Islam so, we must do four things.
I myself can remember this :) oh, yes my age but my grandparents were old and lived till very old age and wouldn't have a toilet/lavertory inside, so as an early adult I remember the smell of the 'Dunny'. Dreadful!
Name: Sophia
Driving past an elementary school in my neighborhood this evening I saw raised garden beds filled with corn, tomatoes, peppers and greens of every kind. These beds were spread throughout the playground, butting up to the monkey bars and swing sets. The gardens and play equipment seemed to be the perfect intermingling of entertainment and education. I love that gardens seem to be cropping up in urban spaces more and more often, helping people learn about and think about what they eat and where it comes from.
"Sweet flew onstage and off as one style of Morphed furiously into another. (...) Rite of Spring was well and truly sprung!" -Songlines festival profile.
K: How do you approach the R.E.M. thing?
Stand up my ear fuzz
“Is the kid still trying to get out of here?”
Lots of creative and functional ways to use clothes…or they can just be fun.
the MITM & i have been under serious stress because of his business or rather where it's located. those of you who know me know that i'm usually the one who laughs off stress or at least, rolls with it, but never lets it show. this time i can't pretend or put on the good face. i'm tired, he's tired, we tired and it shows. i just need a few days to get it together.
In 1840 Kyoto, Japan, a Samurai warrior catches his wife bedding down with another man. Enraged, he cuts them both down and then kills himself harikari style. These spirits, unable to rest, are still going strong some 130 years later when an American family moves in.
Please contact me kcurry71(at)gmail(dot)com with your choice of two SSD images and I'll get them right out to you!
Steve Roden
There’s a great line in this song that totally reminds me of you – I already told you that Guido reminded me of you. The line goes -
The steamer had left Dhubri ferry ghat for Medartary in south bank of the district in the evening and capsized because of the impact of the storm.
But Honey never gives up, and one day, she comes upon a lost dingo that truly does need Honey to rescue him.
I hear you sayin’ that you’ll never make it
I treat travelling as a way to explore, contemplate and self-reflect. Admittedly, aside from discovering something extraordinary about the place I also discover something remarkable about myself, just like Elizabeth Gilbert’s search for everything across Italy, India and Indonesia. Traveling is for anyone who’s ever felt stuck.
St. Ives starlings are such friendly birds
You can have any combination of shoes, dresses, skirts, tops and jackets as long as it adds up to ten individual items.
The difference being, yes, I have a home to go back to the next day..but then to understand the importance of having a home but also to understand the importance of being rootless..to not having any fixed destination in life..to be not bothered by thoughts of going to school/work/earning money..
So anyway... Here is the Lucky in Love Onesie Tute! Enjoy!
I blogged a while ago about the journey never being quite what you expected, and that being the joy of writing. But it's also the curse, because you have to forge the path yourself. And if your route goes off course, then you have no-one else to blame. At the moment before you type your first word - take your first step on the path - all is possible. But once you start to move, you don't know if you are heading anywhere near the right direction until you get to your destination.
I sat down on the bar stool. Man it feels good to take a load off!
The black wolf hauled himself to all fours and stared out at the approaching dog. Nay, not at Storm but at the Were behind him. Finora got the impression of silent communication betwixt them, similar to hers and Bree’s. The shimmering subsided, but Finora knew it lurked beneath the surface, like a cauldron just shy of boiling.
I'm using an angle grinder on this hunk of steel and its a lot of work! I finished the top off with several types of hand files. The horn is about 60% finished. Still a lot more undercutting at the horn and tail end.
And yet there is a mystery too - it is the process by which we move through language by instinct, as though we were almost asleep but knew by a kind of sixth sense where the furniture was and where the doors and windows are. That is the part that cannot be taught, except in that one may point out that such a process, such a space, actually exists and that there are ways of getting through it, finding your way about, ways of living in that space and animating it..
Angela used white chair covers with pink organza sashes, white table linens, and a bouquet of fresh pink roses for the centerpiece. A pink necklace was set at each place for the girls to wear. Real china tea cups from Angela's family set were used.
The Casio WVA430J solar watch is in true sense the watch of this century. Few years back you could have never imagined such a thing, in fact it was out of question. Hence by looking at this watch, it has been proved that technology has gone very far and nothing is impossible in today’s world. You should just have the dedication and commitment to achieve your goal and you should have a clear focus as well, nobody can then stop you from reaching great heights.
Well, let me tell you about the way she looked
The new proposed Chair, although financially attractive, is a nakedly political post having nothing to do with academia. Nor is the Sussex Chair the first. In an article on the activities of a particularly virulent Zionist specimen of an academic, one Rossman-Benjamin, who spent her time trying to stop Israeli academic and Exeter University Professor Ilan Pappe from touring University of California campuses, I noted that Yale University had closed down a similar programme the ‘Initiative for the Interdisciplinary Study of Antisemitism’ last year.
You have to BELIEVE in miracles (or anything else) if you want it to happen!
1. So important is a possession of knowledge and being informed, that Paul counted all things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ” (Phil. 3:18).
No, I see nothing wrong with this.
Stickles Christmas red & Diamond
Finding a way to close this piece and hoping I have given Coach Hayes the respect he has earned from me, I find myself with tears in my eyes. Remembering a really good time growing up and learning about tradition, pride and respect. Kendria and I were part of something special that night in the shoe. The appropriate words I think have come to mind, the last few of lines from Carmen Ohio:
Anything else you’d like to add?
SPC/PTE not available: China PRC, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, New Zealand, Pakistan, Philippines, Thailand, Vietnam".Readers of this weblog will already be familiar with the case of Macau (see earlier posts here and here). As for the rest, The SPC Blog will watch carefully for news and developments.
That I do feel
Do Turks have a thing for attacking sailors? Leaked Email Says Turkish PM Erdogan Has Cancer And Just Two Years To Live Erekat: PA Disappointed By Obama Speech JCC Watch.org: ‘We get results’ Following a lie from Al Aqsa Foundation to the Arab League to UNESCO and the Security Council Will Israel Be Accused Now Of Being A Warmonger On Iran? The education of Barack Hussein Obama came from extreme Leftist Jews Latest crazy Arab rumor: Israel planning artificial earthquake to demolish Al Aqsa Shimon Peres Live On Facebook
Favorite place to eat: SushiZone
Philly Joe Jones (drums)
Not a Straight Line
(6) The Bible has to be treated through and through intelligently, by applying to its understanding knowledge of the ways and ideas of those who had a hand in its composition in their various periods.
Only advanced journalism team members, a.k.a. the seniors, get to work on O’Dell High’s morning news crew. So, being a junior, it should feel kind of exciting to be in here, like I have a VIP backstage pass. But I’m not running around fixing the lighting or fidgeting with the massive cameras like the other students around me. I’m about to be on the school news, though not as a younger reincarnation of the great Carter Phillips, destined to lead the future of broadcasting, or anything. No, that would be the person I feel obligated to, my ex-boyfriend, Ted. He sits beside me in the black suit with his blond hair parted neatly to one side.
and now I am free
Hi everyone. I'm sorry I'm so useless at blogging at the moment. It isn't for not wanting to or for lack of anything to say it's because my schedule is hectic at the moment being a trainee journalist. Then I've had a migraine attack complied with a cold.
Source: Review copy from Carina
In theory by setting up these plantations and farming operations it allows the companies to employ local workers, creating more employment, and also allows the workers to benefit from cheap use of the product. In reality however it has, on the whole, not really turned out this way.
Grilled Chicken
Not much lurking in my head today yet. Swirling around the edges are the ideas for the Dale Arden story, but I’m not quite ready to go there yet. I wanted to write just another blah blah blah blog entry, see what’s cooking in the ol’ noodle. I don’t know if I’m ready to get down into the sex talk that’s actually on my mind, now that I’m looking at it. If I write about masturbation I may not publish it. Yes, shy about something at last. Hard for me to get off since the surgery. If there’s any one downer it’s that. But the fact that my circuits work at all is good enough. It was a year after I had the operation before I had another orgasm. You’d think it was a big deal, as in “loss and tragedy” but no I’d really thought about it first and it was a price I was willing to pay. I’m glad I didn’t have to pay more of one.
“The actions can be interpreted as treachery and it should stop immediately. The ATM (armed forces) is the nation’s wall of defence that should be supported by all levels of the people, regardless of ethnicity, religion and political position,” Zulkifeli, who heads the Armed Forces, said in a statement out on Thursday.
I have been eating lots of rich food lately - it's that time of year. We had a work potluck last Friday and besides all the wonderful dishes brought in by coworkers, we also had BBQ brisket, smoked chicken and pulled pork catered by Detroit's legendary Slows BBQ, along with some of their fantastic mac and cheese. Then, there's the plate of Christmas cookies sitting on the counter. All of this heavy food has left me feeling more than a little weighed down. I am yearning for something light and healthy - like salad.
The move away from slashing inventories has played an important role in supporting growth over the past two quarters. Increased orders have helped make manufacturers the standout performers in the recovery so far.
dawn's family's feet geting ticked by pokemon
Based on the answers provided a decision will be made as to whether PAYE/NIC rules apply
Yesterday morning, I drove for over an hour, through heavy rain and even heavier traffic, to reach the hospital where I was scheduled to have my insulin tolerance test. My daughter booked an authorised absence from college to attend with me. By the time we arrived, I was literally shaking with fear, trying very hard not to lose control – in a ward full of patients – by succumbing to tears. The nurse was horrified to realise that there had been a mistake; that there was no doctor there to supervise the test. It is too dangerous to run an insulin tolerance test without a doctor’s supervision, and so the test was cancelled.
I’m sorry… but it is. Three hours and fourteen minutes. We’re not talking about The English Patient, a love story that spans years. We’re talking about a movie that lasts longer than the actual sinking of the ship. If the writing was good, or if the characters were super charismatic, I’d give it more leeway, but it isn’t. Don’t get me wrong… I don’t shy away from an epic. I love all three Lord of the Rings movies, and they’re all longer. Again, though… the justification for that is that the story spans months of time. It takes place in a hundred locations. The books are hundreds and hundreds of pages. What it always struck me is that Cameron was TRYING to make something big and long and epic. It was a show-off thing. It was also a lazy thing, because maybe a couple fewer loving shots of the boat (that look like matte paintings anyway) and maybe one or two fewer annoying scenes between Rose and Billy Zane… You may have yourself the start of a picture. Oh… and the framework scenes with Bill Paxton, at his absolute worst, talking to the old lying lady… terrible. I don’t care.
Home – 7:22 p.m.
The Cable Guy – I did see this when it came out and I hated it, but that might just be because I don’t like Jim Carey! lol anyway it makes a change for the character to be male, but other than that it is again freakily scary behaviour that is the main focus, and again in my opinion the character is suffering so much more than BPD!
I'm up way early due to thunderstorms going thru! Some of those cracks of thunder are enough to wake the dead! I love a good ole thunderstorm but why is it they have to come durning the middle of the night when your sleeping so peacefully?
Generally, you enter the long building, cross the Great Hall and try to ignore the exhibits there for the time being, then go into the back museum rooms, where you’ll find the docents’s desk and a small gift shop. The museum rooms will take you through Texas military history from the Texas Revolution up to the Iraq War. You’ll see swords, rifles, pistols, small artillery, machine guns, uniforms, helmets, medals, flags, guidons, radios, model planes, helicopters, and tanks, panoramic photos, a Mauser that belonged to Chiang Kai-shek, General Erwin Rommel’s cap and boots, maps, guides to social customs in occupied regions, a field kitchen with a display on military meals through the ages, from hardtack to MREs, a swanky, state-of-the-art, all-brass Japanese Army binoculars set with tripod and lens filters, captured German, Japanese, Vietnamese, and Iraqi items, and even a special shadow box viewer so kids can see what it’s like to try to see things from inside a tank. They even have a few of the infamous playing cards of Iraqi big shots, including Saddam Hussein and his sons.
Monty: " Yup."
Level 5: MP Cost: 12, Duration: 90 seconds, ATT: +15.
Happy Mother's Day.
An unreturnable gift.........
And I don’t think I’m the only one feeling like this. Several of my friends have hit a “Quarter-Life Crisis,” if you will, where they feel like they need to be doing something great but just don’t know what. Is society to blame for this in some way? Have young people just been conditioned to feel like they need to have changed the world before the hit 35? Or is youth really about attempting the impossible? I’m not even sure anymore. In any case, when I was feeling my lowest, I saw this comic -
Phase 8) Buy all national assets for pennies
Today I bring you my second post as a design team member for Just Tracys Crafts Challenge Blog. This month, we are asking that you make a card, layout, project, etc. for a female and to include something flowing - lace, ribbon, tulle, etc. If you are like me, I love lace and ribbon, so this was a fun project. I used my scor-buddy to make the background design (I just love that little tool) and used my ribbon as the flowing portion of my card. I know the colors used are blue, but my momma's favorite color is blue and thought it would make a great card to send to her and say hello.
The bottom portion of the Bath house is original...from the Romans.
It's fun to dress up little girls, they're like big versions of barbie dolls,LOL! Some of my favorite summer dresses comes from Tea Collection. Tea Collection started in 2002. They have fresh, distinctive designs inspired by travels all over the world like traditional Korean patchwork or Brazilian street graffiti. magically, they transform these inspirations to wearable and chic children's clothing.
The music on this album, for the most part, is made up of somewhat disjunctive percussive "sounds". However the recording features a dramatic and appealing rhythm and structure. And there are enough differences from track to track to make for a listen that I found riveting throughout.
to save a sayer from their poems:
Do you imagine that the combination of long hours, stress, and jet lag means no knitting? Think again, oh ye of little faith. The horrible weather we had all week, with downpours and wind, cold, hail and other nastiness, resulted in terrible traffic. Every morning we were stuck in traffic battling the elements and drivers who seemingly forgot how to drive in the rain. And there we were, Doug behind the wheel and me merrily knitting away. I managed to get quite a bit of the body of Leah’s sweater knit this week. Today, during a five minute break in the rain, Emma rushed Leah outside to get some photographic evidence.
Did a little sheep scene yesterday morn~
After those hours I was able to distill the brief down to one short, clauseless sentence. Not a 37 word sentence. A short, honest sentence. My partner and I then had something workable to work from. The only thing left to do that point was to take that single sentence and find a way to be creative with it.
Since that time I have painted in both oils and acrylics, done counted cross stitch, have been an avid quilter and still love to hand embroider.
judging by their adult male giddiness, they had a blast. nate (who i will from now on refer to as mario - as in giant stach nintendo mario) walked away with the "movember stache of the year award." whoa. i have to admit driving the five of them home in the wee hours of the morning was a total riot.
If your parish had a full-time staff person whose only job was to answer questions about the faith from people too shy to darken the door of a church, don’t you think a little contribution towards that person’s puny salary would be in order?
"This is my home," she said.
One day, I began to look back over my life and the numerous dead-end relationships from my past. In each situation, romance had started out with a bang but fizzled under the weight of performance-based love. No matter who I met, either I was too demanding or she couldn’t accept me for who I was.
I may be jumping the gun to the more serious part of collaboration here mainly because a friend of mine had been recently upset become someone they had worked with in the past took their original idea and used it to write a book and publish that book.
Avari
This happened before and I tried to talk him through it on the phone and then went to do it for him. I got there and he was reduced to tears that he couldn't do it himself!
For twelve hours we visited historic buildings, took tours, listened to the expert docents, and enjoyed the ambiance of the village. Then we ended the day with an excellent show called Cry Witch. It was a mock witch trial where we got to participate by deciding the innocence or guilt of the accused. Casia was thrilled when we got selected to sit as two of the twelve member council. We sat up with the judge and got the best seats in the house for this well acted performance.
UNWTO said “A staggering one billion tourists, or one in seven of the world’s population, will travel abroad in 2012 – and the sector is expanding. While this expansion drives economic growth, job creation and development, there is evidence that…victims of trafficking are most often enslaved for sexual purposes, but they might also be found in kitchens or cleaning guesthouses, restaurants and bars.
The self made gurus further reason that a spiritual master in flesh and blood is required to guide the disciple and therefore ‘out of necessity’ some have to become gurus. That such guidance from a guru in flesh and blood is not necessary and that ‘vani’, transcendental sound, is more important has been amply emphasized by Your Divine Grace, like in the conversation below:
Every night and during naps we give him a blanket, a binky and a lovey stuffed animal. Sometime during the night he usually throws all items out of his crib, cries, we return to hand them back, lay him down and he falls asleep for 10-11 hours. Super, right? Except that now he’s decided as soon as we hand him his items he’s going to throw everything out of the crib immediately.
Yes, exactly, I know what you’re saying…Girl, how can you work on anything?? Well, it’s real easy, I just pile things up. However I realized today, by piling things up, I don’t get anything finished because I get distracted by other projects. Looking at this conglomeration, I see three projects I have not finished:
I stop assuming!
Does this ad have the same effect on you? Or are you more affected by this?
Today I am reviewing....
There are many many pieces that you simply haft to see in the gallery, so go visit!!:)
Why should I strive live a minimalist lifestyle?
And yes, it DOES sound as bad as it is. Because there is NOTHING you can do to "quick fix" it. So, we endure a three day run of horrible coughing at night, gasping breathing, sometimes vomiting (like last night ) from the shear force of coughing. A lot of times, we opt for the "go to" drug, steroids, which gives us the Incredible Hulk in pre-school form. (Envision Kevin telling you..."Mr. McGee, don't make me angry. You wouldn't like me when I'm angry"). Not a pretty sight, and truly, it doesn't even seem to work well anymore. Doesn't matter...steriods are prescription, and we're out from the last time we saw our doctor in Morgantown.
One of the features of our second visit to Japan, was hearing the caw of crows wherever we went. More often than not it was a single crow, its cry a haunting call echoing off grey stone and bare trees.
Saturday afternoon we had my brother and parents over for LEFTOVERS ... don't know what it is, but thanksgiving dinner always tastes better the next day. I think we have just enough turkey to make up a kettle of turkey noodle soup for the week ahead.
of us together
He is absolutely clueless...
Āhuka is Ugrasena, whose “son” was wicked Kaṁsa. Kaṁsa’s true father was a demon who violated Ugrasena’s wife. Thus there was no question of Āhuka being “happy.” Yudhiṣṭhira merely asks if he is still living. Hṛdīka was the grandfather of Kṛṣṇa’s father, Vasudeva. The list of persons headed by Śatrujit are very close associates of Kṛṣṇa who help significantly in administering and protecting the city. Rāma refers to Bālarāma, Kṛṣṇa’s elder brother.
Here’s wishing you had a happy May Day/International Workers’ Day/Organization of African Unity Day.
I believe this data gap from the Web Bot is predicting the next geomagnetic storm that will be much larger then the one in 1859. If this is true, then it is time to start preparing yourself on how to live in a world without electricity. Once the grid gets blown, how long do you think it would take to get a whole country back on line? I just happened to be living in Hawaii during the earthquake of 2006. Some people were without power for a week. Now think about the fact that this was only one power grid. If the world went down, what do you think. Not day's, not months, but years.
8:30 p.m.: Now it’s the turn of ORTM to feature an interview with Capt. Sanogo, apparently recorded this morning. Sanogo claims he knows where President Touré is, that he is safe and in good shape. (But he doesn’t say that Touré is in custody.)
Thanks for reading through this update. I hope you have a terrific February!
Coffins stood round, like open presses,
This is also a new way where I've fallen for both boys, but its unique because its in the past and present, because James aka Red is totally awesome too. I love his humor and his understanding.
I suppose that is still my problem. I want to be perfect at everything I do and set my standards too high. I have to go in there today with a different attitude. I have to act like I don't know how to relax and that I have to learn it from the beginning. That will be a lot better than acting as if I've already got the thing down pat.
Same to this blog which some may perceived as BN biased and supporting the government as most of my criticism are towards Pakatan, there are critics to the Barisan and the government. My latest post has proven this. I am actually waiting for more of this move, to balance our dirty and shameful political phenomenon, and perhaps one day I will be the one. *wink.
I don't know how many times I have to tell people this. Waitstaff do not make a liveable wage. Here in Massachusetts we make $2.68 an hour. Oh and that is after the raise we just got, it was $2.63 an hour until a few weeks ago. We survive on tips. Also we do not pocket all that we are given. We have to tip out bussers, bartenders, food runners and whoever else the company you work for decides you need to.
This fifth book in the series also introduces Detective Constable Siobhan Clarke, an important character in the series. And Morris Gerald Cafferty, a major antagonist throughout the books, plays a big part in the book. I've liked the previous books, but with this one, the Rebus series seriously starts to ramp up.
Sun - off. Lots of hot springs soaking in the geothermal area surrounding Rotorua.
Once again, thanks for all your entries and congratulations to the winners!
In 1967 a short documentary was made by film maker Les Blank called “The Blues Accordin’ to Lightnin’ Hopkins”. Now how one could sum up the bluesman’s long career in just 30 minutes is beyond me. But it was awakening to view.
So for 7 days to Christmas, I give you gingerbread house goodness. I couldn't pick just one so here are a couple of the amazing houses I found online:
ME - I'm pretty sure it is.
It is Ostara. The Vernal or Spring Equinox. A Sabbat for Pagans, Heathens, and Wiccans. Winter is losing its grip on the earth. The Goddess whom slept as the Crone has awakened as the Maiden. The Wheel has turned. Blessed Ostara to all!
I told myself that I would no longer be controversial in my posts, but I am making an exception. Will someone from Crossway or the Grudem translation team (Bill Mounce?) please answer my questions? I will post any official responses here and call attention to them on my FB and Twitter posts.
Yep! It's evening and I'm blogging. My mornings have been filled with appointments and meetings so I finally decided I neede to blog when I found the chance.
Math Rider is a good software game for ages 6 - 12 and retails for $47, though until February 15, 2012 you can purchase it for just $37 - directly from their website. The software is easily downloaded and installed {we downloaded and were on the game in a matter of minutes}. It supports multiple children - though each child is on their own quest, they do not play against each other, a plus in our house. :) And, I love companies that give you an opportunity to try before you buy ... Math Rider gives a free 7 day trial.
Sue x
“What is the difficulty?”
There’s a moment for everything. And there’s the moment you meet Harry Cox.
Mix together olive oil, soy sauce, lemon juice, garlic, mustard and vinegar. Stir through cooked rice. Add other ingredients and mix thoroughly.
3 undoubtedly
And on that note… the sun is shining and I have some liquid sunshine to get stuck into… a piu tarde.
Turn mixture out in the prepared tin and push firmly, flatten with the wooden spoon (or wet hands).
Someone's been a very bad zombie.
his shower puff feet and
I am no there. I do not sleep. Io non sono lì. Io non dormo.
Students are encouraged to submit their work to the Southeastern Writing Center, D Vickers Hall 383, by Nov. 1 for consideration of publication in the fall issue. Work submitted for the fall may also be considered for the spring issue.
The council also pointed out that Ms Parma is currently in a temporary residential place and it was always the case she would have to move on.
Trondheim
-Claims to contain natural ingredients
There's a cow rumor now
Leaders of heart and mind
DO NOT BE A CREDIT HUNTER! To many inquiries can harm your credit. Shopping at all the department stores and applying for their cards to save 10%, can come back to haunt you. Try and keep your credit inquiries down to 1 per quarter, if you need to do them. When applying for a mortgage with a mortgage broker, we pull your credit report once, and can shop it to over 40 different lenders with that one inquiry.
I wanted to insert myself into my research because I, myself am a welfare recipient. I had a beautiful daughter, and ended up a single mother receiving no child support. In my own navigation of the welfare system here in California, I have noticed that these sexist, racist and classist policies that govern mine as well as hundreds of thousands of other women’s lives are actually counter- productive. Yes! Tax payer dollars, energy, and my precious time are consistently spent trying to prove to the state that I am a decent human being. Social Workers are paid to monitor me and meet federal quotas.
The way you can tell art photography from commercial photography is that art photography is incompetent. The way you can tell video art from TV is that video art is incompetent.
2 directing
Happy New Year everybody! And have fun! Life is not that serious...enjoy!
The most marked improvement comes in terms of the world building. After reading Armageddon Bound I mentioned that the events that take place in the real world, didn't seem to have too much effect on the regular non-demonic/non-angelic folk who populate the world. That problem was addressed and remedied to an extent in Resurrection, but Marquitz pretty much put that gripe to rest and buried it six feet deep with the events that take place here. This improvement is due in large part to the death storms that rock the world. What I liked best about this element is that it showed just how high the stakes are for Frank and his friends. The demons and angels are no longer just meddlesome pests that make Frank's life miserable, they are some extremely powerful beings that have the ability to wreak a whole shit-ton of havoc should they choose to and it's the lives of innocents that are affected most.
15) NIGHTMARE – The Abstracts
We used to say that we would struggle, fight, and wage Jihad, until we regain our rights, because what was taken by force will only be restored by force, and what was taken by the sword will not be restored by the pen or the word. Unfortunately, however, we have abandoned this, and we have taken the path of the so-called “peaceful solution.” We have made one concession after another.
Studio:
For the sake of switching it up, I will tell you what I didn’t like about it first before I gush about the rest. Here it goes:
Range: Touch
He managed to find one shoe in the closet where it belongs. Jackson found the other one, after searching high and low for a good 10 minutes, in the garage. (I have no idea.)
“I am thankful for all the wonderful teachers and instructors in my life,” Dodds said. “Without the encouragement of my teachers, dating back to elementary school to my professors here on the Hill, I wouldn’t be accomplishing the things that I am.”
Submissions will be accepted until October 17th and voting runs from the 18th-25th. Chosen designs will be available for purchase at their online store and a portion of the proceeds will go towards UGA.
This is how naive I am--was. Up until around five years ago. I believed the older you got the easier life got. I'm not talking health wise, at least I know better than that, I mean in general. Things would become easier, I'd mellow out and let things be, well, easy. I used to believe nothing would change in the world and it would skip along like always. I never expected to have to face things like, unemployment, the stock market crippling along so I may not be able to completely retire(Thank you Mr. Obama). Grocery prices and gas prices skyrocketing (ditto above) and strange and unusual things, like the occupy everything gang that won't go away, keep happening. Yep, thought it would all be roses and cream.
wasn't for young ladies.
After checking out the view, us pleibes made our way back down to ground level to check out The Shoppes at Marina Bay Sands (and enjoy the air conditioning in the mall - temperatures were in the 70s in late December and everyone was in shorts/dresses and flip flops - can't imagine how hot it would be in the summer!)
Like ordinary life, not dreams, I learned to cook rice in the pot over stove as a teenager. Electric rice pots only entered my life in my early 30’s.
Results There were 18 boats at the Leigh and Lowton Phantom Open on 15 April 2012 - which was a great turnout. Phantom racing in the North is growing. The winds were from the north (and east and west!) and about force 2 (and force 1 and force 3!). I think you get the picture! Cool temperatures and sunshine.
(i) Publicity and transparency in the entire adjudicative process;
At what point do people just not want to hear anymore? I know everyone has their limits to how much "stuff" they can handle from someone else. In some ways I feel like I should just start keeping everything to myself, and in other ways it seems to help to be able to talk about it. So I don't know. It's not about sympathy, it's not even 'poor me', it's like things build up to a critical mass and something has to give. I'm lucky to have some friends that don't seem to be too overwhelmed by me right now and are pretty much willing to talk whenever. A lot of the time it's not even talking about my dad, who had a massive stroke the day after Thanksgiving, but just talking. It's good to sit and listen to someone else's day. It really seems to be the only thing that can get my mind off of things.
She stared in horror as a crack appeared between her feet, ran across the floor, up the wall and onto the ceiling. There was a splintering whack! like a gun-shot, and seconds later the room was pulled in two. Part of the upper floor collapsed, crushing the dining room table she had cowered under a minute earlier. A huge support beam snapped and dropped from overhead. Natalie dove out of the way, just as it swung like a wrecking ball and smashed the kitchen counter to pieces.
The man arrested in the death, Pernell Demond Jefferson, was charged with pointing a firearm and is serving a prison sentence through October 2014, according to Department of Corrections records.
Team principal, Vodafone McLaren Mercedes
2kg rhubarb, cut into 3cm chunks
I had an interview with Adrian McKinty (right) published in the Irish Examiner recently. It ran a lot like this: Taboo or not taboo, that is the question. Adrian McKinty’s latest novel, THE COLD COLD GROUND, has for its backdrop one of the most contentious topics in recent Irish history, the IRA hunger strikes of 1981.
the last flaps...cut off...then the tab that's left (middle) fold on the 10 1/2" score line down. then the bottom corners...fold in diagonally. fold up on the 8 1/2" score line...to make the bottom half of the envelope. You will only be adding double stick tape on that flap that's being folded up.
Warren says he is doing this because he doesn’t “believe the Obama administration” and he wants to have proof that it is really his body. But, if he doesn’t believe President Obama and the United States Navy, why would the body be down there at all? If he thinks that they are lying, the most logical thing is to believe that they never buried the body at sea. But who knows, maybe Bill will prove himself right this time. Or maybe the body will not be there because Osama bin Laden is alive and well, playing cards and drinking mai tais with Elvis and Marilyn, in that secret government paradise island in the middle of the Pacific.
Like a failure.
On the outside, he appeared serious and shy, but was actually a fun-loving, shuffleboard-playing, choir-singing, outgoing-in-his-own way sorta fellow. A dichotomy, I see now, which was not lost on me.
So, their books and various claims have all been launched from that poison pen.
They have shops that serve soup in bread bowl, crepe, gelato, coffee, thai. They have food you can casually eat at the chairs and tables they have provided in the hallway, or there are couple formal sit down places as well. Occasionally you will find pop-up sample sales too.
Jennifer (bad red hair) chose the other route, again throwing Blakely (really?) under the bus and demanding to know how Ben could pick a stripper over a girl who let a fifth grade class color her head with red spray paint. Look Jenny (can I call you Jenny or does Cherry Bomb work), if you can’t get over getting kicked off a show about having sex with strangers in favor of a professional stripper, you are never going to be self-confident. Move on, dye it back and maybe move to NYC. Girls like to do that when things aren’t working out. Ever notice that? Tangent, I know, but I feel like that happens all the time. Like, dude broke up with me, the answer is New York, where guys are all nice and living is easy… Right.
Be still my beating heart..... how amazing is this house and how lucky are the people who live here! I have never seen an outdoor porch like it, it certainly would be an experience sitting wrapped in rugs on a winter's day in front of that fireplace.
With different ‘You’s, I flaunt different ‘Me’s;
- School starts in 3 weeks. Hurray.
(I’ve heard that this little built-in audio player WordPress supports doesn’t seem to work on some browsers…I’m not sure whether it’s the file or the player but I’ve tried hosting this particular file on a different site. If it still doesn’t work for you let me know and I’ll try to figure out another player)
So how do you make social media work for you? Jane Friedman takes an illuminating look at this question in a blog post entitled When (or Why) Social Media Fails to Sell Books. The bottom line:
Those days are long past. For the great majority of Americans, living standards have been declining since the early 1970s, upward mobility is increasingly a nostalgic dream, and it’s becoming harder even for government flacks to keep pretending that training prople for jobs that don’t exist will make those jobs miraculously appear. Ours is a contracting society, and outside of the narrowing circle of privilege—itself facing, a little further down the road, a far more drastic form of downward mobility—most people realize that hard work and prudence, the road to a better future in past generations, are merely a slightly slower road to impoverishment than the one everyone else seems to be taking.
Nirvana took a major gamble with their final album, on which Kurt Cobain decided that the audience he’d acquired by writing flawless, scabrous pop songs was ready for the true measure of abrasion which festered inside his head. He solicited the production acumen of Big Black alum Steve Albini, the absolute last choice of the suits at DGC, and proceeded to churn out the rawest music of his career, the sound he’d been searching for from the moment he first picked up a guitar. When it was decided that the resulting tapes were too forbidding for mass consumption, R.E.M. stalwart Scott Litt was brought in to salvage what little radio-friendliness could be had, and the final product was a compromise for everyone involved. Here, Gillian Gaar exposes the intralabel strife that almost aborted In Utero before it could hit the market, from the fights over artistic control and songwriting credit to the compromising position in which Cobain found himself after siring one of the most lucrative rock releases of the early ’90s. In spite of (or because of) the antagonism of which it was borne, In Utero may well be Nirvana’s greatest legacy, a punishing treatise on the true cost of success.
During apartheid, please note that the SANTA executives were seen to be extremely frugal with the governments' funding -- that many thousands of patients were cured annually, and that many doctors and nurses even VOLUNTEERED their services free of charge.
But there are also occasions when things go horribly wrong. This is a post on the potential for misunderstanding, not just in art, but as the very real consequence of being human. This is a post about the fundamental difference between expression and communication, and how we sometimes confuse the two. And its a real question for me as a potter: Just what am I trying to express, and what exactly is being understood by the public? Is it ever a straightforward simple transaction of meaning and intent?
To all these people I say this:
I guess it’s the norm in our house to do breathing treatments, so she may as well learn now!
I don't consider myself to be the font of all knowledge, I don't have all the answers, but I have come to a point in my life where I can say I'm happy in my own skin. I'm generally happy, contented and grateful for the life I have. It hasn't always been that way and I've gone through many hardships to get here and I know there will be more to come, but right here, right now I'm happy. I hope that when those difficult times come again (as they surely will), I can look back over these posts and find strength in the fact that I know the there is always a light at the end of the tunnel.
I don’t know what to do and I wish all my mamas would tell me … do I risk it and let this man ‘take care of us’ cause fuck it you only live once, or do I keep my distance and never know if it could have been the real deal or not?
How about you...any silly childhood wishes and did any one's wish come true??
Enough blabbing then - here is January:
Now the unique thing about this product is it contains a 'book' and a puzzle. You are meant to read the 'book', assemble the puzzle, and then solve the mystery using clues from both. I use the term 'book' here VERY loosely. Upon opening the box, I was disgusted at what apparently passes for a 'book' these days.
Honored Guest Potters: Ron Meyers and Judith Duff
I was playing around with stitch settings on my machine and I had stitched onto some paper, rather than throwing the scraps away, I used them too. Here is a detail shot of the stitching:
* The best thing a father can do for his children is love their mother. Anonymous
* 180 square meters floor area more or less
the clatter of palm leaves or a clutch
I’ve owned a copy of Ordinary People for about a year but have never watched it until today. I have a history with this story, though, despite never having seen it. When I was a junior in college, I was in the theatrical version. I played the jackass from the swim team, the same role that Adam Baldwin has in the film. So I know this story. I have pretty vivid memories of this story, having seen it acted out in front of me every night for a couple of months. When I saw a copy for sale, I bought it because I knew I’d have to watch it eventually. I’d have bought it anyway, just for that small connection to my past.
What if you could get a comprehensive service, that really gave your book a good chance in the world!
Very important: you have to set up your "mi sen plaz"...all your ingredients in a row, just like this. Your grated carrots, your chopped cilantro, the sliced scallions, I added with some fresh chopped mint, your dressing, combining them with the fresh ginger slices, and of course your cut limes.
Basic Information of Table Tennis
"I once had a sweet little doll, dears, The prettiest doll in the world; Her cheeks were so red and white, dears, And her hair was so charmingly curled. But I lost my poor little doll, dears, As I played in the heath one day; And I cried for her more than a week, dears, But I never could find where she lay."
Did you get them all?
ODIs- 262, Wickets- 416, Avg- 23.84, 4W- 27, Best- 7/36
The CDC states: "Only specific fluids (blood, semen, vaginal secretions, and breast milk) from an HIV-infected person can transmit HIV. These specific fluids must come in contact with a mucous membrane or damaged tissue or be directly injected into the blood-stream (from a needle or syringe) for
Though I still think Germaine gave us good advice when she suggested I get to the hospital well into labour in order to avoid interventions, with Geekybaby I wanted to avoid the frantic 'We're about to have a baby in the car' experience. Though there was a long, long ten day wait for it to start, after being in labour for a couple of hours my water broke and recognizing the feeling from the last time, I knew the baby was clearly on its way, so we headed to the hospital. This time the car ride was much more relaxed, and after I checked in to the birthing unit at UCSF I was able to focus on the panoramic views from the 15th floor as I breathed through contractions. Germaine being in Ireland, we had had another doula, the fabulous Jessica Berman. Jessica's acupressure technique (on my hand, between thumb and forefinger) allowed me to foregoe even the gas and air this time. I had it brought into the room, and was comforted by its presence, but with Jessica's reassurance that it would just be a few more contractions until pushing time, I never actually picked up the mask. She also kept me hydrated with energy beverages so I didn't need any IV fluids. It felt great not to be hooked up to anything.
You just sit there staring at that big magnificent chandelier, its crystals still sparkling in the darkness, and you can't help but imagine a Beverly that you never knew, a long, long time ago.
I was described as a child as someone who was uncomfortable in her own skin.
Antica Farmacista Casablanca Lily
Jobs and Economic Growth
If you are in the mood to explore some of the city’s Irish heritage, you can head over to the Historic District, and enjoy some Irish food and Celtic music.
I got further confused as to where we were to get off this time. We were on the C line and had to get off at Av de Mayo, I thought we had to change to the A line to get off at Lima, but all we had to do was walk underground to Lima station.Limabeing the same station as Av de Mayo. Viv wanted to head straight for the salida, but I insisted we head for the A line. Once there I knew where we would come out of the ground and we would be only one block from our final destination.
Recipe Tip:
I'm not entirely sure I can put my finger on what happened tonight. After all, I am one of the world's cheapest individuals. I've weighed my want for an item against the price and put lots of stuff back, knowing I could get a better deal a few months down the road. I can deny myself things. But today, it was just different. I actually wanted to make a better choice with my money, more than I wanted to buy the stuff.
The Drought Ends
All these thing are not welcomed guests at all :((
And that’s where it all went horribly wrong. After standing back for three years, our ‘silent’ co-directors saw that all was becoming good, and wanted to buy me out for a pittance, but I didn’t want to sell so they went to law and shut us down.
On the nose - Lemon, ginger cake, wild-grasses. Nice.
Three months in, we’re still learning the quirks of our new home. The old Craftsman house is built over a slope that levels out into a deep back yard. Unlike any other place — every place, in fact — I’ve ever lived, there’s a crawlspace underneath. Towards the back of the house, right where the lot evens out, there’s so much clearance under the floorboards that, if I stoop just a bit, I can almost walk comfortably. This means we have decent storage for lawn equipment, surf boards, paint buckets, and like that.
Please check for the customer reviews and ratings of Zeiss 8 x 32 T* FL Victory, Water Proof Roof Prism Binocular with 8.0 Degree Angle of View, U.S.A. from the merchant’s site by click on the link below.
I am the youngest of 3 girls. We would all three be in the back seat with our one thing that we were allowed to bring along to entertain ourselves.
We decided brownies as one of our items this year, as it was much easier to make and the baking time for a tray is shorter. We reckon that brownies would not be a good breakfast item, hence our alternative item was sandwiches. As there were other stalls selling sandwiches as well, Huiqin came up with this pizza bread. Althought the taste was good, it would have turned cold by the time we reached the office. A few sample tries for our colleagues indicated that it was not a very welcoming item on the menu.
The crazy thing is that the exact month we got pregnant two years ago is the exact same month we got pregnant this year. It was a much needed blessing and we were so shocked at the timing of it all. I was three days late and sitting in church trying not to cry. I was going through what I thought were menstral cramps and I just didn't know how many more months I could take it. Not just not being pregant, but starting late every month and getting my hopes up that it might finally be our good month. Well the unexpexted happend! WhenI didn't start I had greg go to the store and buy a test. I really had him do this just so I could see the "not pregnant" and at least know that I could move on to another month without stressing about not starting on time. Greg went up stairs to do something and when I started to see the test turn positive I was seriously hysterical. I was yelling at Greg to "come quick!!!" The state thatI was in made him think that I wasn't pregnant. I then proceeded to show him and said honey.."were finally pregnant!" He held me so close and we just cried and cried together. It just did not feel real. It still kind of doesn't but my HCG levels continued to double and we got to see our little blueberry and the heart beat and I just can't express that gratitude that I have towards my Heavenly father at this time. We have gone through so many struggles at bringing a child into this life. From cysts, to chronic inovuation, high prolactin, a supposed tumor, surguries, and even kidney stones. I would do it all again!
Personally, I went to public schools all my life, but I would not recommend that anyone send their kids to public schools today.
2 pinches of fennel pollen
After a few days of being there Rylee started to feel much better. The docs finally thought, after ALL her UTIs, that cathing her would be beneficial. She I was taught how to do and we did it every 3 hours. It was tough having to get used to a totally new schedule. It was well worth it because Rylee really started to feel better.
Yeah, I'm not dead. My last post was rather ominous...Good news: I was not hijacked by Somali pirates or held for ransom in London. Bad news: I can't help you with your penile enlargements or help you scrub your credit score in 15 days or less....
"I do not choose to argue a point which cannot be proved, but which is tacitly agreed upon. I will continue."
And if that isn’t disturbing to you, then you really have no idea what is going on, do you?
I opened up the card:
This was a lush place – bananas and coffee growing together, cultivation as far as the eye could see. Where were the owners of these estates? I saw only the peasants; small huts, pigs, skinny horses, people living dustily among garbage…
“Team Peeta.” (Silent cheers, I know.)
If you're an account person, it's because you didn't go over to the client and say "look, I know this is what you wanted, but this isn't really what you pay us for is it? Let us go back and do it better"
Emma is a six year old little girl who is suffering from severe vaccine damage which has been verified by several leading experts. Emma is totally paralyzed and unable to move any part of her body. She cannot speak and breaths with the aid of a small tube inserted through a tiny incision in her windpipe called a tracheotomy.
Sure, they won't replace your home stereo, and don't go expecting too much from a pair of speakers that can fit into the palm of your hand. But these are definitely the best speakers I've come across in my travels for the size, weight, and money. Count me a fan.
Geraint
Overall, this is a nice collection but personally I do not think any of the items are must-haves. If you are a huge fan of Emilio Pucci, the bronzer, brush, and meteorites are all nice collectors items. Although the products all have great pigmentation, I feel that the colors are not particularly unique. We've seen the coral and blue theme in practically every single collection this summer.
People talk about politicians living in the ‘Westminster bubble’. But the real bubble is London itself. Unusually, all our elites overlap in one place. London is effectively New York, LA and Washington all rolled into one — the capital of finance, culture and politics.
Erasure - I Love to Hate You
I used to review everything apart from mm stories, even though the green fd stuff really wasnt my scene, even if ironically thats just what I’m working on at present. Recently due to work commitments and the like, I’ve cut the green stories pretty much out, though there are a few writers on that front I will still read. Same with the mm stuff, I do read a very occasional one, but you could count them on the fingers of one hand lol!
Unfortunately my medical problems continue to plague me. Next stop: endocrinologist! (yee. haw.) My energy is very low and it's hard to get going on things around here. But I have completed a few necessary items so I thought I'd share my finds and it will at least make me feel like I have accomplished something this winter, besides my high attendance of medical appointments.
Here’s to the hurricane that threw us both to different skies,
Today some of the Verve Divas are hopping and celebrating a new Easter set in the Verve Store! It's called Hoppy Easter and it is available now! It's an adorable little set that we hope you love as much as we do.
I may take him to another tournament in June, whether I'll be able to cope is another matter entirely. And to cut a very long story short my son came about 8th/9th out of over 50 boys.
Very matter of fact question and the reason I found it so extraordinary is this, the question told me so much about that individual.
Brown is arguably the most influential evangelical in Nebraska. He is routinely asked to speak at churches because people look up to him and love him. This is true inside and outside the church. As a veteran local sage at the Omaha World-Herald noted, Brown has a track record of public engagement on moral issues.
This is why an organization needs to develop…minimum acceptable standards…within the frame of their pay plans…
How has gender equality affected the structure and nature of marriage?
May is traditionally the month where I begin to feel an overwhelming sense of hopelessness about my garden. On a rare sunny day in March, Littlest and I usually plant things, channelling our inner Mr Bloom; and we water them and care for them and wait with bated breath for their arrival.
The title doesn't lie. This is a book of stupid, easily disproven trivia, often with an absurd Amerocentric or Eurocentric slant. Among the highlights:
Put the butter into a food processor and process until smooth. Add the brown sugar and salt, and process until smooth. Transfer the mixture to a bowl and stir in the flour and pecans with a rubber spatula. Spread the mixture out over a piece of parchment or wax paper, and freeze for 20 minutes.
French Essence and My French Life by author Vicki Archer
*However, another possible crack in the Don/Megan marriage arises when Don tells Megan about Betty’s condition. She’s shocked he didn’t tell her sooner, while then asking if he thought she’d be happy about it. His look betrays his true feelings.
So I told her I had stopped her for her not using a hands free device while talking on her cell phone. I get the "I wasn't talking on my cell phone" excuse. I politely told her she drove right in front of me, with no tint on the windows and the fact that her cell phone was pink and clearly seen in her hand. She again said she wasn't using it. I told her that her cell phone was pink.
that practice came ease and familiarity with simmering our 90k word masterpiece into pure concentrated glory. Use this as another writing exercise so, when the time comes to finally make an announcement, you can rip out a press release and send it to your editor so fast her head will spin.
That's what was fortunate enough to happen to a very smart reader of mine. She created a new system for her paperwork and now there is no turning back because she is hearting her time investment so much, that she gets excited to file! Who knew right?!
Today's adventure, however, was a rock-hound's dream come true. I went to the Ohio Caverns with The Hubs, The Boy and The FIL (father-in-law). Complete with miniature flying bats, we walked down to 10-stories below the surface of the earth. And Oh! The wonders that were there. And as we were not allowed to touch anything (for fear of ruining thousands of years of growth), I came home with nary a rock. But I did come home with something... here are just a few photos, in no particular order, that I took...
Former pro surfer Wes Laine says, “Families who have generations of kids, parents, and grandparents who have competed in the event and still do, it’s lots of fun to see them down there.”
I am very active in the church and love Jesus very much.
M: Oh, innocent one, dont you know,
So, since I was waaaaaaaaaay expired on alllllll my deadlines and, according to the threats written in my official documents, would be hanged at noon from the Arc de Triomph for this crime, G suggested that we put a yellow sticky note on the document that said, "deuxieme envoie." Yes, my friends, it said that this was the second time I had mailed the document to them. Technically, this is a bald-faced lie. Since nobody told me to send the damn thing and only told me to go to the place. But I figured that one day in line and getting yelled at by the OFII receptionist was the same thing as sending the form in.
many books for kids that involve knitting are about the process. in 'safe return', the character learns not only how to knit, but how knitting can soothe even a reluctant knitter's turbulent times. there is an authentic tenderness to the text that reflects the author's understanding of the setting, character, and knitting. you can almost feel the lanolin in newly spun wool, the fierceness of the wind, and the darkness of the night in a time and place before electricity. and in 'safe return', you will experience the joy that comes in a very satisfying ending.﻿
May your heart always be joyful
However I miss the fun: the buzz of a crowded shop on the last Saturday before Christmas, meeting old friends at drunken book launches and having a good bitch with the publishers' sales reps. I don't think there's much fun in the book trade any more, so perhaps I was lucky to get out while I did.
Boys have no problem with a girl protagonist. You just need to give them the right girl. Look at Northern Lights, Mortal Engines, Skullduggery Pleasant, To Kill a Mocking Bird. All read by boys and starring girls. Look at Buffy and Lara Croft!
Well it took the bones of me, took the bones of me
curry leaves few
Of all the plants on our property the ones that make me the happiest, that fascinate me the most, are the ones that arrive unbidden on the wind. Volunteers, they are called. From the moment you step through the gate there are dozens of wonderful, beautiful cultivated plants that have come from friends’ gardens, a trade, a cutting, a thinning here and there that yield now massive stands of color and texture. Each morning when I walk the dogs down to the creek we follow different routes that lead to new discoveries of the volunteer sort. Sure the wind brings common flowers and plants, vines and bushes, but these that I speak of with excitement are a different sort of wild. Down by the creek is the fantastical Mayapple.
Cake collars is a neat trick. I like the size of the 7" round and will continue using this method but hold back on some of that batter. A little waste isn't worth the time or the risk of under-cooking.
However,for us,all the staff in Hanwood,that is definitely a beginning of some unexpected big joke and lasting bad luck.
One student attended a workshop on Yin Yoga at Samdhana Karana Yoga, which I had planned to attend but was not able to due to the delivery of a vital piece of home equipment, a clothes washer. Being the solo student, she shared with me some insight about her low lunge. Every time she comes into low lunge, as many of us teach, she had pain in the hip of the forward leg. The advice she received and, later, shared with me was simple and beautiful: allow the forward-leg knee to cant out or walk the foot out away from center line. She showed ecstasy in sharing that because not only did she feel the benefits of the pose but found out that it was okay to be that way. She was given the okay to be how she needed to be to enjoy and explore her yoga. Concurrently, her husband has a stiff back that stays a little rounded in DFD; she said that he was very happy to find out that it was okay. What delightful reminders to play and explore yoga and, simultaneously, be content in the present.
and melt into this lake
The salad followed the standard formula: mixed greens + fruit+ cheese (tart Granny Smith apples and crumbled smoked fontina from Willamette Valley Cheese Company). The vinaigrette was a loose pistou of nettles, honey, walnut oil, balsamic and sherry vinegars, minced shallot and Dijon mustard. A crunch of salt and pepper finished the salad.
James Deagle
So, either people expect children to be terrors at all times, or our kids really aren’t that poorly behaved.
Well Hello again,
Pick up some of his other beers while you're at it--
I can certainly try. What seems to be the problem?
Recently, Street Fight, which focuses on hyperlocal content and commerce, conducted research with select local small businesses. The upshot? Small businesses are moving more of their advertising efforts to “hyperlocal opportunities” to find customers and generate business, because it meets their needs.
twenty years from now, you’ll never be able to say
Isn’t it nice that the Traditions are there to remind us how to behave toward others? It would be easy to slip into the misunderstanding that we exist just to commiserate with others who share our compulsion. Nothing could be farther from the truth. We are not a diet and calories club, neither are we a community of commiseration. We are a fellowship of spiritual recovery from a three-fold disease, the primary symptom of which is compulsive overeating. (Let the addict of other media substitute his/her substance here.) Unified behind the purpose of service and directing that service at a target, we know we will find usefulness when we properly employ ourselves to that end. It is in voluntarily giving ourselves to others that we recover from the debilitating habit of self-service.
It comes from the intelligence of the heart
At the end she suggested that people draw up (artistically, if they like) their own personal "Happiness Model" using the 3 charts that she showed us. It was done with concentric circles, the middle one being the "Being" Values, the second one being the "Having" values, and the outside circle being the personality strenghths. I loved the way she said that these strengths can become "SUPER POWERS"!! :) She also talked about Radical Forgiveness, The Work (by Byron Katie) & The Journey (a transformation & healing work by Brandon Bays, cancer survivor).
Gore was coming across as a petulant know-it-all, the kind of kid you draw straws with your buddies in high school for the right to beat up this week.
I ask you, what is your reponse to God’s grace? What has it been? What will it be? I don’t think we are afforded any other option but worship: worship is the only appropriate expressive response to the grace of God.
Never ask me a question unless you want me to annoyingly overanalyze it.
Tamala Krishna: What was in the pot?
In such an environment, it is hardly surprising that the politicized, pseudo-scientific consensus behind the wave theory of gravity has struggled to keep the public largely unaware of competing theories explaining fall-down. But such theories do, in fact, exist, even if they have been shunted out of sight (not least due to media coverage that never questions the underlying assumptions behind this flawed theory or devotes equal time to its critics). Methodist preacher Alexander Wilford Hall proposed an intriguing alternative to gravity called “substantialism.” The theory argues that “gravity” and all other forces are actually substances, composed of particles smaller than the atoms comprising normal objects. Other theorists have speculated that objects, both organic and inorganic, are all made up of the same set of conscious, sub-atomic cells, and that universal laws of attraction can be explained by these cells desperately seeking out their personal twin cell-mate in every other object.
But I tell you; it is a complete turn around from watching tv shows from my pre-pregnancy time in comparison to viewing television with a newborn. True Blood seems to be on every other day. My life just went on turbo mode where time passes fast.
It's interesting to see that , at the time, I was using ONLY flash...no photoshop.
Satan will never learn I’m thankful for the attack now because I have pleaded with God, to help me spiritually wake up… The devil will regret his attack he started yesterday from this point on because I know the power within me from the Holy Spirit, and I will remind satan of his future every time he’s dumb enough to attack…
There’s quite possibly a fair bit more here…
National Democratic Party spokesman Ali El Dean Hillal in his office at NDP headquarters. After agreeing to talk to us, he refused to talk about the 2011 presidential election and whether or not Hosni Mubarak would run again.
Bente, Cazza, Faye, Jilli, Tracey, Jo and I have all decided it's time to either take a break from crafting to concentrate on home life, or to just cut back on DT commitments.
Tara threw the dresses she had down, whirled away and stomped off. Tears already flowing down her face, her heart dislocating itself from where it should be. Behind her she heard her sister cry out, “Tar, wait, don’t go, this was a mistake! Let me explain!”
"But how?" the lawyer asked:
Perhaps that is why a week of sickness in our home was so utterly painful. I was forced to sit and didn't really want to. I recently found myself sitting in the van with a minute or two to spare. I grabbed a wet wipe to clean my steering wheel and dashboard. When that was done, I collected trash. I realized I could just sit and talk to the kids and enjoy the moment. I did.
Four more coats and it is finally finished. After the five coats of Sherwin Willaims Loyal Blue, I switched over to Gloss Royal Blue Valspar Latex Enamel, and I poured a wee bit of gloss black into it to darken the blue, as it was a bit too bright. I can't say that either paint was very good, as this changing table has nine coats on it to get it this color. Actually eleven coats, as I did a first coat, realized I need a tinted primer, primed it, then painted five coats, gave up in disgust, switched to a different paint, and painted four more coats. I persevered only because I had no desire to spend any more money on paint for this piece.
It was four decades after the original airing before I found out what it really was: I had seen the ill-fated NBC broadcast of 33 & 1/3 Revolutions per Monkee, a legendary fiasco of television history. I'd remembered the plot pretty accurately, as it turns out, and watching it as an adult my confusion was easily explained: it really was as strange and hallucinatory as I'd remembered it. The difference was, now I utterly loved it. That something so chaotic and undisciplined and shambolic, something so unfiltered and utterly of its moment, could have found its way onto national television is remarkable. And as I've said elsewhere, some of the music on this show is just spectacular.
Yes i eat a lot when i was younger lol fml and thus my fat face.
Have a great week!
Small mirror over night stands
Humidity
Would I go all the way to St. Ives again for the Queen’s? You bet I would and I’ll be bringing the kids too. Not only is the food good, the pub is super family friendly too.
Yet no savior was in sight.
As they continue towards the Eye of the Needle, Ava wonders if Ossie has already made it home and found her note:
This package, VxVM 4.0, is supported on Solaris 7, 8, and 9.
Rating: (32) (8)
So much of our time is spent in front of a computer screen, playing video games, watching TV, or working in a cubicle, and for those who live in some cities, it is often (but not always) impossible to experience the natural world. Yet, as if none of this matters, when a child touches the dirt, chases a butterfly, picks a dandelion, or watches a bird flap around in a tree, her eyes light up – she understands, though in much a transcendental manner, beyond the scope of anything she could possibly comprehend, the fundamental virtue and “rightness” in this interaction with the natural world. When a young boy (this was yours truly) realizes that food comes from plants, and a whole new world opens in front of him, in which “the Outside” means so much more than it did before, something subtle changes in his psyche – one might say, the ball starts a steady roll.
Which was a terrible idea, since about nine pages later the whole creaking plot comes careening back around the road on the wheels of a battered old wagon, and Davis commits himself to the hackneyed crapola he’d managed to get loose of, as though Ishmael had swum back to the Pequod to lash himself to the mast as it was going down, as though Aeneas had run back into burning Troy leaving Anchises and Ascanius to fend for themselves. Utterly baffling.
Every year in the spring I can’t help feeling that the ancient, gnarled limes and sycamores look a little foolish when they burst into leaf. It’s both endearing and slightly embarrassing, like seeing a usually grave and elegant elder getting giggly at a wedding. I wonder if you can see what I am fumbling to say. Here is an example of a venerable old sycamore newly decked in little green frills:
Around Drain there also was talk that some pretty big money raised in Eugene changed hands to help bring about the route change. With dreams of greater days fading, the town scored a victory, of sorts, over the S.P. Quick action by the town council extended the city limits to include land where a million dollars worth of steel rails were piled up to await laying o ties of the railroad that never happened. The maneuver put
In other news...do you ever make one of those What was I thinking purchases on eBay (or elsewhere) and literally, two seconds after clicking "Commit to Buy" you're wondering what possessed you? That happened to me late last week and the result arrived in the mail yesterday.
I was a new teacher, I didn’t know any better.
They have been like this since they were little. They will argue with each other like crazy then not ten minutes later are laughing and playing and having fun. I just hope they don't continue this pattern in high school. I hope that they can learn how to work out their differences without yelling at each other. How to be not only sisters but best friends. How to respect each other and each other's belongings.
This was a "before" and "after" shot of the 100-year-old church!
And join once more with their fellow little goats in teasing and tantalizing the troll.
Last weekend I was standing at the cooker, sweating away, and frantically stirring some white sauce, when a large mouse darted over my foot and scarpered into the far corner of the kitchen.
- The challenge will run until 12 noon (UK time) on Sunday 13th May 2012.
My little Lucas was wanting to play with the wine charms I had just made. That is when I came up with the
Fourth Etisalat Award for Arabic Children's Literature by Tarie from Asia in the Heart, World on the Mind. Peek: "...now open for submissions from Arab or international publishing houses that publish Arabic-language books for children ages 0-14."
Hips: 42 1/2″ I lost an entire inch!!! This is a big deal for me because this is the area that I want to lose most. I dislike my “spare tire” the most of all my physical flaws.
The day was not a total loss, however. I learned that if you’re far away from home and call 1-800-TO-WELLS, talk to a Wells Fargo banker, and tell her that you need the location of the Wells Fargo ATM nearest the intersection of 9th and State Street, she will then tell you the locations of the ATMs closest to your house.
- Foreigners who violate the terms of their visa may be sentenced to up to six years in prison (Articles 119, 120 and 121). Foreigners who misrepresent the terms of their visa while in Mexico — such as working with out a permit — can also be imprisoned.
Cooking dinner is another thing I'm rediscovering. For a long time, we survived on the generosity of others. But when your baby can roll over all by itself, and you are able to wear real clothes and take a shower, people expect you to cook your own dinner all of a sudden. Meal planning and the impending spring have both lit a fire under me to get more done in the kitchen. I looked down last week and the baby was playing in her neglectisaucer
Mongolians are in Hong Kong Temple area.
Living with the same color–one full spectrum, one not–in two rooms in my own home has sold me on the value of full spectrum paints.”
I was unaware of the second hooping revolution taking place right now, though a few days ago I tried a few spins with a “reinforced” hulla hoop for fitness exercises, with great alarm and benefit for my back. After watching Michelle Obama on TV, I googled and found the website of Hooping.org. The website Hooping.org gives a short history of hooping where I learned about a band called The String Cheese Incident that has been instrumental in this new revolution of hooping: “Certainly fans of The String Cheese Incident deserve some credit for kicking off the second revolution of hooping. The band has been known to toss hoops into the audience during shows since the mid-90s, and their fans began spreading the joy of hooping everywhere. Soon hooping began showing up at underground dance community events and raves.”
You may be about to witness a major miracle.
State Of Play
4. applying a prevalence of 1 in 166 across the total US population of 280 million yields 1.68 million autistics (it is actually 1.69 million);
The Alamo Drafthouse Lake Creek is proud to present our latest beer tasting event. Join us on Monday February 2nd, 5pm, as we take a stroll through Allagash’s righteous catalogue of beer. The event will feature a selection of Allagash brews paired with assorted appetizers and set against a backdrop of amusing old-school beer commercials. In addition to this, we will have a secret special guest speaker from Portland, Maine who knows “everything there is to know about Allagash beer and their brewery.” Tickets are now available via www.drafthouse.com. The cost is $40 and includes admission, beer and appetizer pairings. The Alamo Drafthouse Lake Creek is located at 13729 Research Blvd in Austin Texas.
May 13 - Brgy. Ampayon
Your fit body will look awesome in your new Lulu’s!
Analyzing our autobiographies as learners has important implications for how we teach… the insights and meanings we draw from these deep experiences are likely to have a profound and long-lasting influence… we may think we’re teaching according to a widely accepted curricular or pedagogic model, only to find, on reflection, that the foundations of our practice have been laid in our autobiographies as learners. (Brookfield, 1995: 31 cited in Tennant, M., 2006:132)
– No, I think Icelanders have a strong tendency to lie in surveys – and to use surveys to lie. An example of the former would be when we were asked if we were religious, and everyone said they believed in god. Everyone knows Icelanders are heathen dogs that believe in elves, ghosts, the supernatural and forces of nature. An example of the former came when aluminium champion said that over 95 percent of women in the eastern fjords would work in a smelter. He ‘forgot’ to mention that the actual question in the survey was, “If an interesting position was offered, would you or would you not consider working at the Alcoa Fjarðaál plant?”
Thank you Melissa!!!!
Your gF score can be raised by doing new things (novelty), challenging yourself, being creative, doing things the hard way, and networking. Todays games require multitasking masters! Kids can do this and thereby they are able to land those freakin planes.
Because I think my esteemed commenters don't get enough recognition for the contributions they make to this modest blog, I have decided to start a new weekly feature, "Swift Reactions," which will focus on some of the more interesting comments, emails and mentions of my blog in the blogosphere that you may have missed. So, without further ado, here is this week's inaugural edition of "Swift Reactions":
Yo-Yo Ma is not someone I tend to think of as a creative person. He’s a performer, albeit a technically brilliant performer. But if you’ve heard as many recordings of Beethoven’s Fifth Symphony as I have you’ll be well aware that a great performance involves a lot more than simply getting all the notes in the right order. Still what’s he doing in a book on creativity?
I have to admit something about making this bundt cake. I actually made my first one on Friday of last week. I baked the cake in the morning and then had to go out to get my haircut. Somehow in the rush to get out of the door and get my hair cut, I forgot to get something for lunch. (If you are wondering how this happened, then I must remind you that I have six month old at home. Time is very limited and so is mental capacity.) So when I got home from my errands it was almost 4pm and not a thing to eat, except of course this wonderful cake. But wait! I hadn't iced it or taken pictures yet. I said to heck with it and I cut into it with relish. Glad I did, because this bundt is absolutely delicious! So I had to make another cake to photograph for today. Here you have it.
Scoop out about a tablespoon or a little more of the dough (I use my small cookie dough scoop for this one) into an ungreased small muffin tin. Trust me, for some reason, these release far better from ungreased pans than from greased, and I've tried both ways.
* Edited in: I remembered wrongly: the quote Jenny read out was about the soul:
There is a Grails plugin called Background Service, which does the same task, but in the Grails way ( link – as in managed plugin, auto controller injection) . I did not have much luck with it, hence I decided to go with the GPars approach.
I love the range of topics it covers (relationships, fashion, cooking, travel—in fact, it’s how I found the fabulous Grand Hotel Nord Pinus).
Second, targeted strikes are ethical. Without question, the ability to target a specific individual—from hundreds or thousands of miles away—raises profound questions. Here, I think it’s useful to consider such strikes against the basic principles of the law of war that govern the use of force.
This person's favorite book is (I think it was ??)Snow Beast" (... only that book doesn't exist...)
Stacking: You may stack a coupon with a sale. You may stack a manufacturer coupon with a store coupon. You may stack both types of coupons with a sale. The ways you can “stack,” the bigger your discount will be. This is the key to extreme couponing! Note: You may never stack a manufacturer coupon with another manufacturer coupon. Occasionally, you may stack two store coupons, generally when playing the “Drugstore Game” (more on this to come).
Okay then; a funny Dracula movie with pretty nude girls for him to ogle and nibble. That could work. Kelley makes a humorous acting, over the top Drac/Aluc and his vocal assist is actually pretty funny to listen to. And as Mike/Irving goes, Whitton is a bland but serviceable Renfield-esque sideman with hairy assist. At face value we have what could best be described as a lower-than-low rent Dracula flick from Turkey (hey, most of the action's set in a cave!).
A family holiday on the Scottish coast, where Ceri's American half-sister Ruth is living, causes Ceri's real and imaginary worlds to collide. There she encounters a local man, Euan, who swims with the seals and seems to communicate with them. He empathises with Ceri, and she is instantly drawn to him. But Euan, she soon realises, is Ruth's boyfriend - her lover - though Ruth is afraid of the sea and tries to keep Euan away from it. Ceri's feelings of rivalry with her sister are intense but only half-acknowledged; the author conveys these emotions without ever bringing them into the open.
Once we reached the gravel flats and exited our enchanted forest, we thought the track would end there as the map indicated, but the trail markers just became orange posts more spread out until they eventually gave way to cairns that did not really follow any rhyme nor reason. As we grabbed a snack, we looked up from the map at a wall of waterfalls. A four or five hundred foot wall stretched out with at least five waterfalls cascading down into small braids of the tributary. At the top it had a relatively flat plateau, where we planned to camp. Further up, we could catch a glimpse of part of Mt. Huxley and the Huxley glacier far higher than we planned on hiking, but beautiful nonetheless.
35 James Ferraro - The Secret World of Condo Pets
I'm the girl next door who acts like her brothers.
Besides the food there were souvenirs. All sorts of cheap touristy crap. There were Ulu knife sets for $3.99 – a very popular item in the group. From my two trips to Alaska I still didn’t buy those knives – just don’t know what to do with them. They may be ok as a souvenir to put on a shelf. Other than that I doubt I’ll ever use one as a real knife. But those $3.99 ones were made in China. I mean, seriously? In Alaska to buy traditional Ulu knife made in China (the box very explicitly stated that the set was designed in Alaska, but still). However, I did find a very nice jade bears explicitly labeled Made in Alaska, though a bit more expensive.
I've found many great blogs through their Giveaway events and had the chance to enter to win some awesome prizes (no wins yet... maybe this year?)
How it Works: Once you get on to their site, enter your zip code and specify what you’re looking for. You can choose to see your area’s daily deals or browse more specific categories like health and beauty, restaurants, shopping and so on. Click on your desired deal and you will be directed to a new window where you can follow the instructions to get your deal.
But it was there, in his touch, in his eyes, in the way he bowed his head as he said “As you wish” after she would ask him to do something for her. “Jasper.” She whispered into his ear, and led him off by the hand. No one noticed as they slipped out of the room. She brought him into the study, closing the door softly behind them.
Your eyes saw my unformed body;
Poemhunter.com/Jerome-brooke
This is a unique course that not only teaches Scrum, it also covers the basics of other practices and techniques that you will need to succeed at Scrum. This includes things like user stories, story points, planning poker, continuous integration, unit tests, refactoring, and more!
A month is a long time to be away from home. We´re picking up the routine right where we left it off, and it´s all good. The kids are off to nursery, their father to the office, and I´m left at home to field rapid deadlines and long dragging books.
But this was down to the south west, whereas over to the East – where the sun was well into its business of rising – a shaft of pure light landed on the cliffs between Beer and Banscombe, turning them in an instant from a sort of dirty off-white into a glowing spectrum of creams.
Please visit Mr. Burien’s CAFR1 website at (http://CAFR1.com) and learn what this man has to tell you. He has opened my eyes in a way that would have taken twenty years of hard studying and the constant scrutinizing and analyzing of these and other documents to even begin to comprehend this information. And now that I know, I feel it is my civic and moral duty to share it with you…
To fill everyone in on what's been going on with the Cannon's lately, here's a little run-down:
The exemption for performers ... would make Wales a more attractive place for programme making and would remove current costs involved with taking smoking scenes on productions being filmed in Wales to England. The smoking ban has been a major issue for a number of productions that have been filmed in Wales, especially period dramas set in a time when smoking was commonplace.
I sign my name like this from now on: Katherine Ashcroft, RN, BSN
Former Russian Federation President Boris Yeltsin memorably announced that various gulags across the eleven (11) time zones of the vast Russian Federation might still hold American prisoners from The Second World War, Korea and Vietnam.
Summer’s Eve cleansing cloths 16-32 ct, feminine wash 9 oz or spray 2 oz BOGO *$2.99 for cleansing cloths (16 ct) Coupon: $2/2 in Feb All You magazine or 75¢/1 Printable Coupon Final Price: as low as 50¢ each
Psychology is very important though. After two hours and fifteen minutes, we finally arrived. You can’t imagine how happy I am because I think I can’t meet my family anymore after that day. I am super dehydrated and almost die. hehehe. Kidding.
DNAinfo.com briefly profiled a Washington Heights woman named Merlix Ventura, who will compete in an upcoming Miss New York pageant, and maybe go on to bigger "Miss" events.
When making my actual card I stuck with the color combination I used in My Digital Studio, Old Olive, Rich Razzleberry and Pale Plum. These colors just happen to be my all time favorite color combination. Just beautiful, don't you think? While making my card I thought I would also work in Shelli's challenge from her blog too. So after stamping with the stamp set Elements of Style and coloring it I used my vanilla smooch spritz to add a beautiful shimmer to the image and actually the whole card. Lots of rhinestones were added as well for more sparkle, some of which I colored with my markers to match my paper.
There’s a fair amount of CGI and some of the fight sequences are a trifle short for my liking, but it whistles past at an engaging, breakneck speed and the positives outweigh the negatives by quite some margin.
instead so everyone could share in the food and celebration,
The Background Basics 1 set, includes a variety of trendy patterns that are perfect to add pizazz to any project. Use them as backgrounds or as the focal of your card.
Two awards will be made out of this one category, one for horror and one for fantasy. As many people have commented on Twitter, it’s an odd set-up, but that’s what most BFS members voted for. The explanation given before the vote was this, and I think the way the new BFS awards admin who inherited the new rules has handled it makes sense. Although the voting was divided into fantasy and horror, all those votes were counted together at the end. So four of these were the books that got the most votes, regardless of genre. Half the novel votes being ringfenced that way for fantasy does seem to have led to a more varied shortlist. The judges added two titles to this category – the books by George R.R. Martin and Jo Walton, I'd guess. I didn't read many novels from 2011 during 2011, but I went for Revenants by Daniel Mills. Though it didn't get in here, I hope it might still have a shot at best newcomer.
We are the living graves of murdered beasts
Sun For Miles, a post-metal, doom/drone band was started in 2009 by Artur Ruminski (guitars, synth, bass, effects) and Lucas Kalina (Drums) in Brooklyn, NY. While both members were born in Poland, they both met in New York shortly before starting the project. Their influences ranged from bands such as Isis, Jesu, Yob, Godflesh, to Hardcore punk, electronic music, reggae, metal, etc. The two wanted to start a band that would feed off of such influences to create a thick, atmospheric wall of sound to suck the listener into.
Further, in light of the Dutch Heineken decision, trade mark owners may want to consider contractual arrangements to look for an angle to pursue SCPs which supply infringing third parties with services in the future, although trade mark rights will still be enforceable against the customers of those SCPs, which should ensure that infringing goods can be prevented from reaching the market.
BBC Television Centre
A new trial will be held on October 19, 2011 at the BGH in this matter.
I remember pregnant women in the past talk about “nesting” and getting ready for the baby. I always wondered what the “nesting” entailed. Sounded interesting enough but all I could imagine was Big Bird, sitting in his nest….just sitting there. Although I do sometimes find myself just sitting there, I have thoroughly enjoyed the “nesting” stage. It has been such a holy time, as well as a trusting time, and has challenged me to wait with the Lord. In resting with and in Him, I have found peace about the unknowns that are coming in the next week or two. Although I do struggle with fear daily, for the most part, it has been awesome.
As to the small green caterpillars of the sort found in purple sprouting broccoli and calabrese, you need not bother with pest control if the consumers of the produce are ladies of a certain age whose near vision is not quite what it used to be. I had eaten copious quantities - a plateful, certainly - of broccoli, all the while thinking superfood, how nutritious, etc, before the younger members of the family, food inspectors all (in case someone has sneaked some chickpeas or lentils or other foreign or proscribed items into their supper) burst out in hysterical unison that the said superfood so eagerly consumed by their dear mother was teeming with small green caterpillars. So really, if you want to get rid of small green caterpillars, just feed them to a sensitive, long-sighted vegetarian.
We now make guacamole so frequently that when I went to write down an actual recipe for this post I had trouble. I normally do a squirt of lemon, a dash of salt, a kick of garlic, but that kind of precision doesn’t help you. So I made it again, wrote it down, and here you have it…fresh, healthy, simple guacamole.
There was a band in the middle. A very good one, actually. The Ron Titter Band was chutzpah incarnate. Imagine a mixture of Elvis and the Stooges and the New York Dolls (what other component am I missing here?) performed by a set of fellows who mostly look like Dell tech support lads. My, but looks can be deceiving!
This declaration emphasizes the concern of the European Parliament and the systematic character of the attacks against white South Africans, and asks the South African government to urgently take measures to protect the Boers.
Tina Cisarik and Jamie Visser are two remarkable students who make it their goal every day not only to excel in the classroom, but share their spiritual journeys and kindness with others. While being a full time college student is difficult enough, these students prove that it is possible to manage school work and extracurricular activities, all in the name of faith.
Those are some scary words.
Art has the capacity to evoke a range of emotions from the viewer, whether it be religious fervour, nostalgia, romance or even horror. Valentine Green’s engraving, Youth rescued from a Shark (1779), is designed to portray what was seen as, and to a large extent is still considered, one of the most feared aspects of the ocean – a shark attack.
Rock Bottom North - Blitzen Ale Black IPA, Indianapolis
roasted shrimp with spicy horseradish cocktail sauce
I assume that the story of Jamestown is still taught in our schools. We were taught that the settlers were all ‘gentlemen’ who didn’t do anything but look for gold, that the Indian maiden Pocohantas saved Captain John Smith, and that Captain Smith saved Jamestown. We also learned that later almost all the settlers died and the survivros decided to give up and return to England, only to be met by supply ships and new settlers at the mouth of the James River.
Don't forget to check out the blogs of the others who are sharing some inspiration this week. The sets highlighted today, as well as those from yesterday, are available TODAY!! You can also find all of the other January releases available now on the Clearly Dollar Stamps' site.
Owning a good motor, Terrell pursues well in the run game, doing a fine job of taking proper angles to the perimeter when attempting
I'm just kidding. Stay tuned - in the interest of collective impact, multi-platform storytelling, and disrupting the status quo, I'm trying something new this year. The 10th buzzword of the year will be announced in the Chronicle of Philanthropy on December 27th. They'll have the full list and reveal the buzzword you've all been waiting for.
That’s right. . .‘gave’ Julian the money.
to the friends who have graciously acknowleged and supported her
Milk Drinkers is an electronic music band from Ljubljana, Slovenia. The band was founded in 2010 while walking down Lesce and drinking milk.
Ultimately this is a distraction. Republicans are getting bold enough to hit the Democrats and Democrats who have an unbalanced share in this whole crisis and who are getting enriched by it with campaign kickbacks need some outrage that takes the heat off of themselves. As has been shown in other posts the Democrats knew these bonuses were coming because they stripped out language in the Stimulus Bill to stop them and adden an amendment behind closed doors while locking Republicans out to specifically allow them for companies who took the stimulus funds.
In Plaistow, New Hampshire, a remorseful thief returned a woman's wallet to her in person, along with an apology letter. Congress did you hear that?
G. B. S.- The Whittaker’s Ghost
and I for you
May they stand fast, then? not an hour except you above them and all
Seems Negi and Asuna are waving goodbye to everyone. I find it amusing how the entire cast, sans a few characters like Arika, the Black Lillies and Kagehisa, are all on the cover – even chibi Setsuna and the Slime Sisters!
"Do you have a preference for white guys and what do you think about Taiwanese guys who aggressively refuses to be with a Taiwanese guy in any way?"
Replacing animal protein with plant protein
6. Donna – FM Static
Justin and I have been married for a little over 8 years. And over those 8 years, there is one thing that is blatantly clear.
It's been 1 full year since you were born. I don't remember what life was like before you. Having you here now makes everything seem complete, and the happiness you have shown me in the last 12 months seems unreal.
05 - Stone In Your Heart 04:16
Final Score : A
Wanting to follow their great success in Ixelles, the pair, along with
Sometimes, we are all so close to something that we cant see another view or we just assume everyone sees it the way we do. Getting these answers can help you see from a number of different views and a number of different points that all can help you reach the widest audience possible.
New short stories include:
Overall, a very superb lip gloss formula that I'd absolutely, without hesitation, recommend!
Highlights – Several quick submissions. A quick knockout (Erin Beach lost after Sam Sicilia popped him on the chin and knocked him out, in 8 seconds of the first round. All that training and he doesn’t get through 10 seconds). Something we shall refer to as the “northbound toe”. One fighter broke his toe to the extent that it was pointing up towards his head. He had a quick look, then sucked it up and carried on. Sadly with his mobility limited he lost the fight.
Well I hope you got a positive vibe from this little project. Please if you have a little time come visit the Paper Temptress community blog…lots of spring inspiration for you.
27) Would you like to help me with my self esteem?
Gas prices are going up again. Why are so many people surprised? And why are they thinking we need to tap into the oil reserves? If we were to use all the oil in the reserve, what would happen if we really had an emergency?
Do you like flowery or powdery scents?
There is no need to obsess about it. Have the big picture in your mind and trust in yourself. Life is not perfect. We are not perfect. So eventually, something will go wrong or not as planned. Once we accept this truth, we can stop pressuring ourselves to perfection and cause ourselves anxiety.
The crazy fuck up is so wild and at the center of attention all the time with so many stories simply because she’s….well…fucked up. This version of THAT friend either has a drug problem or sleeps around a lot or steals or whatever. It’s always something. It’s like they always have to have drama around them or at least be the center of attention.
keeps rising
Incase you missed the big post about this weekend (and part ONE of the DSD freebie!) please make sure you read THIS POST.
Not everyone from last night will be attending next week, so there is room for others. Do let me know if you wish to attend next Tuesday.
New Amsterdam Market takes place every Sunday from 11am to 4pm, rain or shine, at the old Fulton Fish Market which is located on South Street and Beekman Street in Lower Manhattan.
I'm afraid
7. The owner of the yellow house smokes Dunhill
The spark of art comes from banging things together.
They just look up at You and say they believe...
That passage of traumatic experiences goes on through to verse 28 but I have read enough to illustrate the point. Paul’s life and ministry were filled with excitement. But is this the kind of excitement you look for? Perhaps not, but the thrill was to see how God got him out of each situation.
Burton also does a tremendous amount of heavy lifting – probably a little too much -- with the abundant 1970s era soundtrack, which is utilized as biting contrast to Collins’s serious but antiquarian proclamations of purpose and nobility.
on them as teenagers, I move on to ask her about the female-ness of
It was such a pleasure to do all those projects and really push ourselves when we did the variations.
I don’t think the Gypsy show would be my sort of gig. I don’t even think I’d want it to be! Fortunately, I would make a bad episode of “My Big Fat American Gypsy Wedding”, mostly because I’m not… well, I’m not a gypsy. That said, their idea of “pimp my wedding” is on the ass-end of what I would consider a lovely wedding. I mean, there’s adding a little sparkle, a little bling to an event, and then there’s this show. That American Gypsy show reminds of what would happen if the Jersey Shore went to far and Snooki said “wow, that’s over the line”… like a Swarovski crystal nightmare. Any show where the new bride moves into a trailer after getting married should either be called “My Big Fat Redneck Wedding” or “My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding”. I swear, I think my wedding would have more in common with a redneck wedding. I’d take muddin’ over booty-shaking gypsy 5 year olds. Straight up.
Vixen Gaga clad in red lingerie emerges next, face made-up the same as the Polar-Bear Gaga, and these are juxtaposed with pristine Madonna-clone Gaga, who looks pained, screaming and is revealed to be wearing the same bat-like hat/headpiece as the reptilian second Monster Gaga. Polar-Bear Gaga does the big reveal for the suitor while the viewer gazes at the scene, Super-Fashion Gaga fires the gun, and the suitor's bed begins to burst into flames as Vixen Gaga comes into her own and pristine Madonna-Gaga weeps over the corruption of self by lust (romance gone wrong). Polar-Bear Gaga stands in a pose resembling the opening tableau, in the bedroom but not of it. Vixen Gaga triumphs and we get a dirty-legged, smoking, Grotesque Gaga lying in bed next to the skeleton of her suitor, her tits shooting sparks through her bra, the final tableau. She is now the stereotyped sexually "hot" female, sitting and smoking after destroying the suitor with sex, but that's the cliche, isn't it, a monster's been created.
In the end, though, I enjoyed the kalbi taco more. Maybe it's because of the thickness of the meat, but it also seemed more flavorful to me.
At least the album is “Floydian” in its presentation. He uses most of the supporting players from The Final Cut, with the key additions of Eric Clapton (for a Strat tone, and a thumb of the nose to David Gilmour) and David Sanborn, whose squawking sax underscores his discomfort anytime thinks get dark. He took Clapton on the road to present the album and key songs from his past in a multimedia extravaganza. But ultimately, The Pros And Cons Of Hitch Hiking is just plain uncomfortable, leaving the listener in a bad mood and likely to lash out at unsuspecting friends and family. And if anyone can explain what exactly those pros and cons are, we’d love to know.
Girlie heaven.
Jessie, David, and Alexia Gordy
As you'd expect from a book comprising three other books, Three Great Novels is a weighty tome, clocking in at over 600 pages. And in fact copies of this hardback edition of the omnibus aren't that common; paperbacks are plentiful online, but hardcovers number in the single figures, and go for at least thirty or forty quid. I struck lucky on this copy though: it's a little grubby, but then it cost me less than a fiver, so I can't complain. The hardcover's scarcity may be down to it being the first time that these novels made it into hardback in the UK (large print editions aside); unlike the US, where all three were initially issued in hardback by St Martins, in the UK Serpent's Tail published the third book in the trilogy, Down by the River... in paperback in 1996, then followed it with A Firing Offense in 1997 and Nick's Trip in '98, also both in paperback. Not sure why they decided to publish the third novel first, but maybe it was just to stay abreast of the 1995 US publication of the book. In any case, effectively, Three Great Novels represents the UK hardback debut of all three books.
a crushed heart? From depression? From dependence on unhealthy substances?
Hello. Hope you are well.
but mind that whiskey.
Maybe you overindulged yesterday and the day got away from you before you could balance that out. No worries. With balance comes flexibility. Add to your exercise time today and eat a bit healthier overall today. Be mindful of balancing out yesterday’s choices. This doesn’t mean you should feel guilty about yesterday and be filled with regret or remorse. Quite the opposite in fact. Embrace the choices you made yesterday and follow them with considered choices today. Choose extra vegetables and fruit today to balance what you overeat or drank yesterday. It doesn’t mean yesterday’s choices were bad and today’s are good. It’s just that overall, you’re bringing them into balance.
Jordana Fabuliner in Black: I remember using this felt-tip eyeliner in high school because it was so cheap ($1.99 at Walgreens) and I just rediscovered it. I honestly don’t know why I ever stopped using it! The felt tip is so saturated, so easy to work with and gives the best dark, matte finish. If you are not a fan of liquid eyeliner or have a hard time with gel eyeliner, TRY THIS. I promise you it’s amazing, and especially for the price!
In this extraordinary tale of magic and intrigue, romance and danger, everything you thought you knew about faeries will be changed forever.
The theft of the huia's tail feathers is now part of a police investigation.
Not considered part of the floor for measurement purposes, the plank is a strip of wood placed under the car to enforce a minimum ride height. The FIA technical term for this part is the skid block, although this term is rarely applied. Holes in the plank allow the cars reference plane to sit directly on the FIA scrutineering jig, for legality checks over the course of a GP weekend. Titanium skid blocks are allowed to be fitted in certain places in the plank and their wear is measured to ensure a car is not grounding from excessively low ride heights.
Guess the little bird that told ya is now going to tell someone else who has the money to purchase your private information. Very bad form, Twitter.
I had to work late this night, so I needed to make something quick and easy for Joe to have when he got home from school. I didn't look at a recipe for Chicken Parmesan so I have no idea if I even did it the right way, but I guess it doesn't matter because it was so good! I used thin sliced chicken breasts and dipped them in a scrambled egg, then covered them in Italian breadcrumbs and baked them in the oven until cooked through. I used a 13x9 Pyrex baking dish and covered the bottom with marinara sauce, and put the cooked chicken breasts on top of the sauce. I sliced some fresh mozzarella to put on top and popped it all back in the oven until the cheese was melted. We had it with whole wheat pasta and roasted broccoli and we will definitely be having this again soon!
On 1 February, the Federal court held that the use of this service by an Optus customer was covered by the time-shifting exception, even if the user watched the recorded broadcast only two minutes after the live broadcast. There is no requirement in the legislation that a person must own the equipment on which a recording is made, nor that the recording be made in the person’s home.
But that’s reality TV, and that’s what happens when the public gets to vote. Democracy can be so cruel.
Let the new year begin! Despite the major hangover and the after-smell of tequila on my clothes, I think its safe to say that all those signs put together creates one heck of a good night. I was able to celebrate the new year with people I have missed the most. Unfortunately the gap year has left me sort of lonely while everybody else is off to uni. And being a busy woman at work, its hard to squeeze in some social lunch dates or get togethers with the girls. So it was nice to catch up with some old faces while intoxicated. I am not sure about you but alcohol acts like a truth serum or confidence-boost potion that enables me to speak more than my normal self. Because I consider myself a shy person but when under the influence, a whole new side of me pops out. I like how it gives me an excuse to act stupid without criticism or bitching from others. But no one really bad-mouth anyways because I am not the only one poisoned. The night filled with loud music, sparkles, deep meaningful conversations and never-ending supply of alcohol. The night ended when the sun was rising while I was still downing my last drink with my feet all busted up from dancing in the highest heels possible. What a way to welcome another new year. Even though I spent the first day of the year in bed. Lets hope that this year would be better than twenty-ten.
Transitional kindergarten is the first of a two-year kindergarten experience.
We are connected to everything in life that we own, covet or touch. Everything. Our coffee in the morning was grown, harvested, ground, shipped and sold. The sugar and tea likewise. The milk probably came from miles away (despite the herd of cows in the field up the road from my house). I have a hybrid car – but still have to fill it with petrol. The plastic and glass that make my reading glasses. The fabric of my clothes. The bricks of my house. I may have bought it, but so many other hands have touched each item along the way – do I honour those shapers, makers and builders? Or do I ignore them in the rush to make something ‘mine?’
I love that shower curtain.
This week I will try not to lead you astray.
But Chief Inspector Peter Mills claims that there is 'no specific terrorism issue that the town need have concerns about.'
If there was not a lack, a void which demands to be filled, a kind of radical envy to move us, we will end up content with little.
Remember that he has put only £1 of his own money into the club (at least I presume it was his own money). And, despite the inconvenience it seems to cause the media, he still owns 85% of the club through his complex web of companies. There has been talk of him somehow being forced to give up his shares, but that simply couldn’t happen without a long and complex legal process that no one has the time or money to pursue. And he certainly isn’t going to give them away for nothing, as one Scottish “journalist” suggested yesterday before hastily backtracking.
A squirrel with a penchant for running around in circles had to be removed from the pitch in a cardboard box after gatecrashing a Women's Professional Soccer championship match at the weekend.
Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi: A few weeks ago, I spoke in a sermon about the need for a unified Sudan. Someone asked me, on the “Shari’a and Life” program, whether a Muslim is permitted to vote against (sic) the secession of South Sudan, and I said “no,” because this secession is a crime.
I recently read “The Perks Of Being A Wallflower” and it really struck a chord with me. I knew it was going to be made into a movie so I wanted to go ahead and read the book. I am honestly upset with myself for never having heard of the book before this year. When I read a book I like to underline or highlight my favorite lines or quotes in it. It helps me focus and gives me something to go back to. The quote I want to focus on today is.
Some of the well known Pileño families in Pila are: the Rivera’s, the Relova’s, the Noroña’s, the Villarica’s and the Dimaculangan’s.
plus it's more classy than the clapper.
Do not stand at my grave and weep, I am not there. I do not sleep.
So loved—O you banner leading the day with stars brought from the
And submerged.
What stood out to me the most was that our last speaker said that the center does research, but they do not do clinical trials, only post-market research. I have always ruled out clinical research because I ethically can’t do research on a new drug that could cause further harm, but I had never thought of post-market research. I guess I can keep an open-mind towards this area though I don’t think post-market research is my calling, but you never know. It’s pretty interesting. I’m sure this summer will help narrow my research interests…(In case you didn’t know, I will be in Rochester, Minnesota this summer, working with a cardiovascular epidemiologist with the Mayo clinic. I’m so excited!)
THE STRAW THAT WE PLACED INSIDE THE COVERS FOR THE WINTER DID A GREAT JOB, AS THERE APPEARS TO BE NO CONDENSATION ON THE INSIDE COVER OF THE HIVE. THE BLUE STYROFOAM INSULATION ON THE OUTSIDE OF THE HIVE ON THE NORTH AND NORTHEAST SIDE WAS REALLY EFFECTIVE ALSO.
My latest chocolate love is a variety of dark Mexican Oaxaca (pronounced wah-ha-kah). It's chocolate that's seasoned with chipotle flavors and cayenne pepper. Some people might think it sounds weird, but it adds a really clean, refreshing finish. It's not like you're sitting there begging for water because it's so spicy. Think of it as more of an afterthought than an overpowering flavor. Jacques Torres understands my love, and has addressed my love with his trademark flavor called "Wicked" - his take on Oaxaca. Even better, he took that flavor and made it into Ice Cream. So on our little adventure through three boroughs yesterday, Lauren and I stumbled upon the Jacques Torres location in DUMBO (the neighborhood in Brooklyn, not the elephant). It was instantly deemed necessary for me to eat something. We grabbed some Wicked ice cream and sat on the rocks over in the park, 10 feet from the water and watched the sun set over the Brooklyn bridge and New York skyline. This is one of the millions of reasons why I love New York.
Then Joseph has recently and quite DRASTICALLY developed eating issues. I used to be SO happy that the kid would eat almost anything and everything! At least try it! NOPE. Not anymore. And I am pretty sure I have caused it. Part of it, at least. I used to (well, let's be really honest...I STILL do) just double up what ever Jack would eat for the moment and give it to him too. It was easier. For me. I realized at one point I was doing that, but didn't think (at that time) he was any where near the autism spectrum. I wasn't doing super harm because I had nothing to worry about. He still would eat a few things Jack wouldn't. Now he down to about 7 foods. Maybe?? And has to eat EVERYTHING with a fork!! Yup, so his hands don't have to touch it!
A few weeks ago I wrote about the specialty bottlings from the Party Source liquor store in Kentucky which are now available through on-line shipping (to certain states). I'll be sampling a variety of these over the coming weeks, and the first to go is the Buffalo Trace Experimental Collection Rye 'n Barrel.
Halertau (pellets) 3.8%, 1 min. 1.0 oz.
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
It is finally hitting me that I leave for Paris TOMORROW! I’ve been preparing for this trip for a while now; I originally applied to a direct exchange program that seemed a bit too academically rigorous last spring, and then I learned about the CIEE Contemporary French Studies program. I wanted to be able to travel and get to know Europe while I studied abroad, and I knew if I was too focused on school I wouldn’t be able to do that. In order to learn French better, CIEE requires that we live with a host family and have a “language buddy”, a local Parisian who wants to learn English. Though I know nothing about my host family or where I will be living, I can’t wait to move in! I meet them on Friday night after living in a hotel for a three-day orientation. Then we will have a week of French-intensive instruction, as well as a group day trip to Metz, France. Classes don’t start until January 23!
6. Tip half into your lap. The other half, just throw up in the air. You are now ready to feed a nine- month-old baby.
I highly recommend Luna Negra to any people who love to dine and if you like pizzas, that being Italian style or New York style. You’ll surely enjoy pizzas at Luna Negra. Happy Friday!
In a small saucepan, heat all the dressing ingredients and bring to a boil. Immediately pour dressing over the salad vegetables and toss well.
But as for now i have a copy of this fantastic POPcake-book to give away to one of my followers. The book explains very well how to make POPcake´s from A to Z, and there are many great designs in it too.
I covered a notecard with some pretty paper from Lawn Fawn. The oval die cut was stamped and clear embossed with the Dot Flower Pattern background stamp and inked with some Mustard Seed. Here is the funny part: I wanted the edge to be a light blue, so I used some Broken China....of course....yellow and blue make GREEN! But I decided to leave it like that as it made a really pretty shade of geen.
So really, it is a win-win situation for everyone but the neighbors.
I also love Dolly Parton. There's nothing more satisfying than belting out "IN MY TENNESSEE MOUNTAIN HOME, LIFE IS AS PEACEFUL AS A BABY'S SIGH" at 7.30am when your kids are having a screaming row about their toast.
“This is in fact accurate,” says Temple University Professor Priya Joshi, who’s working on a book about Indian cinema. She says $500 million of Indian money was just poured into a DreamWorks joint venture.
First we will present Mr. Quincy.
Surprised fear crossed the Elf’s face.
Electromagnetic Pulse Attack
Author: Julieanne Lynch
On a personal note, I have experienced some of the same type of direct interference from the darkness and am no stranger to the magic and sorcery. Once somebody understands what they want to manifest or accomplish, they must next find the most direct way to ensure that their negative energy – or entity - arrives on-site is able to fulfill its mission. It takes a minimal of training to learn how to effectively utilize constructed beings known as servitors or tulpas . Check out this site which claims that they can teach anybody how to create and command a genie or jinn. Once closely guarded by the rich and powerful, these occult techniques are now available to the general public but seldom contain all of the keys. There are also numerous texts written by many enlightened practitioners throughout the ages that detail how to interact with demonic entities and essentially get them to work for you. Add to that a zealot’s fervor that one is doing the will of God and you have the makings of evil incarnate and a possible host to demonic entities who has little or no respect for the sanctity of life.
The door burst open with a squeal. The metal tip of a pistol appeared, followed by a tall, silver-haired man. Sam yelped. He was the man she'd spoken to earlier at the competition. She ducked into Abby, trying to make herself as small and invisible as possible.
During the past 50 years over a million people have visited this remarkable man in Brazil. As a result of his extraordinary gift, many have received healing for illnesses believed to be incurable. Featuring leading doctors of medicine and scientists, as well as testimonials from people who have been healed, this film provides an insight into their physical and emotional journeys which go beyond conventional medical knowledge.
First, I sent him an email summary of where things stand. Explained that I chose to contact them due to this article (originally published on October 17, 2004 in the London Sunday Times, behind a paywall here). Explained in the simplest terms what had occurred (from being a witness and test subject in 1989 and 1990, to the harassment and worse from 2009 up to today). Also explained how and why this is possible, from Ike’s warning to the formation of the secret police AKA “Top Secret America”, how it is actually far too large to justify its existence and it therefore creating problems on the one hand in order to sort of solve them on the other.
Bake on a foil lined baking sheet at 375 degrees for 25-30 minutes depending on thickness of pork chops.
4. The next sentence I love because it highlights what a teen girl spy would do to find out about her new crush and also highlights the main conflict of the story—which is that she can’t tell the truth about herself. We pretty much get an idea of what is going to drive the plot elements of this novel.
and get a couple.
Pearl Harbor galvanized intense patriotism among Americans. So many men and women volunteered to fight that military recruiters could barely process the applications. Thousands of women volunteered to fight or supported military personnel. Many women took over men’s jobs manufacturing war materials or in political offices.
Today is my very last visit with the psych doctor who has treated me for nearly 15 years. Financially it isn't possible to continue and more than that I feel like he has opened every door for me, at least a crack for me to do the work and push them open then walk right through them. He hasn't been the only source of open doors for me but consistently he has been the most, well, consistent. It's cool what happens when willingness meets instruction and opportunity. I have gone from a depressed bipolar mess who insisted on trying the next newest miracle pill to someone who has to fight the urge to tell depressive friends, "That new pill your excited about isn't going to do for you what you want it to". I'm actually kind of anti-meds now. I'm especially anti-meds when I hear someone who thinks the pill alone will heal their life. Make no bones about it, if the day comes the pill comes out that will fix all my brokenness , I will be the first in line. lol All those meds can do is adjust the intricate chemicals and juices in the head that put me on even ground enough to have a fighting chance and making better choices and to un-knot the knots of my diseased thinking and backwards feelings.
(Oddly enough, the trick to writing near-term predictive science fiction that survives seems to be naming the book after the year it is supposed to take place: 1984 and 2001 still stand up quite well despite the fact that those years have come and gone. Oh, sure, you can argue it’s because they are outstanding novels, and I wouldn’t disagree. But it’s also curious that they are both named for years now past.)
“Get some writers cooking on biographical ideas for Muni. Anything but Beethoven. Nobody wants to see a movie about a blind composer” – Jack Warner
we waited and begged for spring and it seems that summer is almost here already. weird how that happens - or least it seems to happen here in the south. we have that small window of springlike warmth and then boom, in comes the heat. today is the heat....and while i'm wondering.
- Shipping and airline companies that bring undocumented foreigners into Mexico will be fined. (Article 132)
It's part five of my list of great movie quotes. You know the drill by now- none of the "Here's looking at you, kid" stuff, but some wonderful movie lines that should be better known. Here are ten more in chronological order.
So anyways, here's a couple of my finds.
Sorry for the bummer post!
I eliminated the pile of cut-outs that I had from several weeks ago.
I am unmarried because I have yet to meet the right person. Well, maybe I've met her, but all the folderol surrounding dating is a barrier. Some people are ready, some people are not, and so the world turns.
Yes, this is how it was done. Lazarus did not die from one of the seven prevalent illnesses of ancient Israel. Not enough. He has to contract them all.Lazarus is cast firmly as an agent in the narrative of Jesus the Messiah. It is not only the miracle of his resurrection that confirms this status but it seems possible that their whole lives together have provided the foundations for the grand construct that is to come, 'If Jesus is the son of god, then all stories both before and after exist in the service of this one incredible story.' One of the boldest aspects of this novel is to allow the life of Lazarus to underpin the miracles he didn't even play a part in. Perhaps the second most spectacular miracle was Jesus' walking on water. The act in itself is miraculous but it is important not to forget that it comes during a storm that threatens the lives of his disciples and we have to understand the very real danger of that water. So Beard creates a scenario that does just that as well as providing the conflict that means it is the sisters of Lazarus who eventually send for his help rather than his once close friend. If Jesus never learned to swim but watched as his friend swam out with his younger brother, deeper and deeper, until the dangerous currents put them both in jeopardy, what would, or could, he do? And for Lazarus there will first be the immediacy of guilt but then much later, with the talk of Jesus' divinity and miraculous intervention, there must also be blame, or disbelief.
OLYMPIA DUKAKIS (MOONSTRUCK)
So to make a long story longer, we are about to head into our 3rd birthday this Saturday, May 7. We are getting so big (just hit the 30lb. mark for both of them. I know they are little for their ages...preemies). Alex loves balls and trucks right now, and Elle loves anything that tickles her fancy at the moment. Right now it is princesses. She was so excited to see the royal wedding and the beautiful princess, but was confused as to where the witch was. We love trains and Dora and dancing in front of the TV. They sure are fun!
* Materials: crystals from Archaeology and high-end mats from Treasure Hunting.
At the very least, I arrived safely in FL with a handful of story I
-1/2 tsp sriracha
Next we cut the tokens; they are sized at .60 inches and are from Designer's Calender as well. We chose 4 colors for the four players and cut 36 for each player. The number inside the square is actually cut from vinyl. I always use vinyl if I am cutting anything thin or slender. These numbers are from Nate's ABC's and are sized at .51 inches. The hard part in this project was figuring out the frequency that the products occur across the numbers 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6.
"Quit worrying about the truth all the time. Worry about yourself."
"Aren’t you going crazy, though? At least a little bit? Referring to yourself in the third person? Writing about yourself as though you were a character?" I asked.
"...citizen journalism is a way for the people to hold on to freedom of the press, even in times of oppression. In a turn of phrase that seems to be cropping up everywhere, the revolution may not be televised…but it very well could be Twittered."Yeah, right.
Nauticalicious!!!
yea yea yea, get your whining out of the way. It's a fruit fly. But a really useful one.
Onto Scottsdale, Arizona where I have tons of new family because my wife is from Tucson. So is Ben, but despite being in Arizona, it never came up. I like California too Ben, but repping Zona is a good idea. There are saguaros there and those are pretty awesome. Every year they fall and kill people posing for pictures and based on Twitter, seems like most of America hoped Swimsuit Issues would pose for a picture under an unstable Saguaro.
You may also not be surprised to learn that when I was reading the book “Time Management for Manic Mums” I got stuck on the chapter that dealt with procrastination.
Friends, acquaintances and co-workers have sent me on trips, bought me presents and food, taken me out and sent me beautiful messages of support. I've been better lately at being the kind of person who does these things for others but I think, for longer than I cared to admit, I was too busy staring into my own navel - at least some of the time.
I slept early and I’m pretty sure that all of us did the same thing.
Perhaps Black is a Good Hider.
What did we think?
This evening, after attending a fundraiser for my college professor's daughter's theater group (I heart NY!) I went to a friend's apartment in the financial district (he claims it's called FiDi now, I refute that but am open to debate.) While I love this friend greatly (ladies, he's single! If you want to meet one of the most genuine, hilariously-dorky, engaged and intelligent men in NYC shoot me an email), I do not love the wall street area.
This brings me to the ending of the game. I’m not going to pick the ending apart too much because there are plenty of articles and YouTube videos that already do that and more. All you have to do is Google “Mass Effect 3 Ending” and you will find all opinions from the professionals to the amateur blogger discussing why the ending does or doesn’t live up to the story of an entire trilogy. If you don’t want to know what happens and have managed not to read anything about the ending, then please do not read the following few paragraphs below. You have been warned!
-Zest and juice of 1/2 a lemon
READ YOUR LABELS! Be your own scientist! There are no real regulations on the words “green” and “natural” so our best defense is a good offense. Educate yourself on what NOT to buy and then go a hunting. Also keep in mind when you CONSUME a product that even though the content of that bottle may be a healthier solution, you are STILL consuming the packaging! And believe it or not there are home remedies one can implement as well.
Some were going pre-season training with Hedge-End. In what I now recognise as a fit of pique I decided on a fresh start with BTC. My rationale behind this decision was based almost entirely around the short distance to their ground on Stoneham Lane. I would be able to watch all of Football Focus on a Saturday afternoon then cycle to home games and still have time to spare. I recall sitting in Southampton Common on a warm May afternoon having come to accept that in playing my last game for Burridge, the opportunities to see many of my friends would be reduced by our busy lives to the occasional get-together.
1 tablespoon of apple cider vinegar
likewise it's solidified my belief that parenting without punishments or rewards is not only possible but is the right choice for my family. again with the limits and boundaries.
Sherry has lived with her family in a sealed bunker since things went wrong up above. But when they run out of food, Sherry and her dad must venture outside. There they find a world of devastation, desolation...and the Weepers: savage, mutant killers.
The boy recognized his footsteps and asked, 'Were you the one who changed my sign this morning? What did you write?'
Nor did the magnesium flash a moment later.
There is also the “experience” version of Wish You Were Here, featuring an early live version of “Shine On You Crazy Diamond,” also recorded in 1974 at Wembley. Though labeled as Parts 1 – 6, it is actually nearly finished up to Part 8 (the studio album is book-ended with “Shine On (Parts 1-5)” and “Shine On (Parts 6-9)”). Even more interesting are lengthy embryonic live versions of “Sheep” and “Dogs,” from the 1977 Animals album, presented alternately as “Raving and Drooling” and “You Gotta Be Crazy,” recorded at the same show.
Chuck said, "Just the guy who won. I gave him his money back."
Hell Train: Solaris paperback, January 2012, 319 pages, cover art by Graham Humphreys. Christopher Fowler has published some thirty books, mostly horror novels and collections, but also the Bryant & May series of mystery novels. He is a five-time winner of the British Fantasy Award, including best novel for Full Dark House, and has been nominated for the Stoker Award, World Fantasy Award, and others. Based on this impressive track record, we named Hell Train one of the four "seeded" novels for the Spring 2012 Battle of the Books.
I could walk freely
The boy who clearly had been taught two things: to wave, and to turn his face toward the camera.
ULTRAMAN debuts on US television. United Artists snapped up the syndication rights to the show even before it had finished its Japanese network run. Ultraman continued to play in syndication in America until the mid-1980’s!
The photo above is of a poster pinned above the entrance to the farm. It's a promotion for a documentary released a couple of years ago. 'The Nettle Fairy of the Resistance' is a close translation, the film argued against the power of the large agro-chemical companies whose influence in government led to some strange and unfriendly French law, an example being to outlaw the manufacturing for sale of nettle soup, or 'purin d'ortie'. The humble nettle is now the symbol for a groundswell of French opinion and desire to reclaim better methods of husbandry for the planet as a whole. The law has recently been relaxed.
When we got to the classrooms, I was given my full schedule of events and lists of which kids were in which group. They had 7 or 8 groups of about 6 to 7 kids each. We also had a schedule or when we would attend each activity etc. Like I said, it was fabulously organized. We got on the buses, went off to Arlington Echo, went into our assigned cabins where Ashley and I set up some basic stuff on our bunk. She was on top, and I slept under her. We then took off for the flag pole area for our orientation speech followed by lunch.
to say hello to my Mom. HIYA MOM! I bet she has looked
SueAnn
Wednesday will feature the world premiere of the music video as well as a live acoustic performance from MLSF. Tickets at $5.00 at the door. The music video will debut online as soon as the world premiere has finished.
Anyway, enough of the boring stuff. Did I mention that I've been taking hip hop classes? That's right, I'm hardcore. Jake's been taking them with me. It's been a lot of fun. We have our concert coming up the first week of December, I'm excited for it! I'll have to try to post a video when it's all said and done so you can all laugh at me trying to be gangster. ; )
In spite of her spouse's protests. 'Your choir night's Mondays. Why every Wednesday as well?'
If any other Republican primary candidate - short of Jon Huntsman - had won the primary battle, Barack Obama would walk away with the presidency in 2012 with no trouble. However, Romney's boring moderation makes him a candidate to be reckoned with in the general election if the economy doesn't improve between now and November 2012. If we look at history, incumbent president's with bad economies and high unemployment have had a very difficult - if not impossible - time getting re-elected. And since Romney has continued to tout his business experience, he might look like the shiny new thing in American politics, if voters think that he truly can improve their economic outlook.
After dinner we love to hit up the bowling ally for a couple of games before we call it a night.
Before I forget, let me leave you with another picture. I think I may do up a page for these, collect them into a gallery of past ones, maybe. It’s getting harder to remember which ones I’ve posted already. I’m going to need to figure out a system of some kind.
-Have long lasting household target in Great britain.
But you dig in anyway.
she exhaled possibilities.
The process will enable the reduction of by-products, and it will convert carbon dioxide into carbonates, which in turn, can be used as building materials produced on a large scale.
It's been a while since I gave an update on our bathroom renovation. With the winter holidays over and the hubs and I back at work full-time, we've slowed down a bit. I'm thinking we should be completely done by the end of this week. Let's hope so because we have family coming into town on Saturday. Nothing like an impending visit from the in-laws to light the fire under our bums! For the record, my MIL is wonderful, but of course we want the house to look great for our guests (and we want to show off our handy work).
That’s something I’ll bet Jacques Cartier understood on July 3, 1534, as he sailed around Miscou and into a large body of water. Significant in the geography of Canada’s collective imagination, that was the first time Europeans beheld what they thought was the passage to the Orient. It turned out to be a big bay, which Cartier named Baie des Chaleurs, “bay of torrid weather.”
Xu Guan ran around the corner of the building to the side where the 55 gallon drums sat in a row. Near the back of the building Xu Guan tested the drums. When he found one that was empty, he moved it aside and began digging as fast as he could in the spot where the drum had sat. The hole was just over a meter deep when Xu Guan found that he had dug down below the foundation. Xu Guan dug a little farther back and then down underneath the concrete footings. The job became more difficult as Xu Guan attempted to tunnel beneath the concrete and back up into the dirt floor of the shed. After nearly an hour of furious digging, dirt collapsed onto Xu Guan from inside the building.
Now for the good news. My sweet family got me a Wii and a Wii fit for Christmas. ( okay in all honesty I told them it was all I wanted and I would help pay ) My sweet hubby went in with them and I received this very extravagant gift.
The assignments get added to a folder, which all of the students can access any time they are caught up or I am absent. Each new assignment gets a "quick and dirty" explanation and visual example from me, a day to "get the juices flowing" for my students, and then my students are responsible for keeping up the momentum, as they have time. (The assignments have a few very broad requirements, and the ongoing requirement that every assignment be an expression of "the artist" as well. My kids MUST put themselves, their style, and their approach INTO every assignment BEFORE it is considered successful and complete.)
To assemble: Unroll the phyllo; keep it covered with plastic wrap and a damp cloth. Liberally brush the bottom of a 9x13-inch baking dish with some of the melted butter. Lay a sheet of phyllo in the dish and, starting from the edges, brush lightly with butter. Repeat with seven more sheets, brushing each with butter.
C is for Confiscating the very last piece
Wil is desperate for his older brother to come back from the dead. But the thing about zombies is . . they don’t exactly make the best siblings.
Happy New Year, Charlie Brown / She's a Good Skate, Charlie Brown ... ABC ... 8 PM
You need to burn more calories than you consume. And by burn, I mean sweat your ass off... not a casual jog around the park. Several times a week, I put in two-a-days (workout in the morning and again at night) to cash in on the magical "afterburn". The longer and harder you workout, the greater the post-exercise metabolism increase and the longer it lasts. During the final week of the weight loss challenge, I did two-a-days every. single. day. Exhausted, but I eliminated nearly 5 lbs over a 5 day period (making up for that week-long vacation!).
இனிய பொங்கல் நல்வாழ்த்துகள்
Brown it will be.
Nothing I do convinces me I will be ready. It’s a faith in yourself, the training, the inner will that will make it happen. If you have the courage to begin, you have the courage to succeed. Trying that out for a week or so.
she looked back at me. and when her eyes softened, when the edges of her mouth began to form the tiniest trace of a frown, when i could see the sympathy in her shoulders – that’s when i realized what it was.
I saw you as if for the first time
light, sweet and sharp. The scent has light notes of lemon and verbena, and a grounding base note of patchouli. Think lemons and the blue Mediterranean Sea. ELLA Day is a lively perfume for the modern, energetic woman who leads by example and charms without effort. (size 100 ml/3.4 oz)
Though delayed, We are now almost ready to host the games. Let’s Come out and play!
2011-03-04 08:46
At 12 miles it was raining so hard I didn't want to get the phone out to take a picture, but by that point (well, with 3km to go precisely) I had realised that it was possible to get sub-1.50, and I'd started "going for it" a bit - but not too much, to keep in with my philosophy of not trying too hard on this one.
and I know you will think I am completely mad for posting Christmas at the end of April ... as summer approaches and the garden is full of birdsong ... but for blog's sake (for completeness of blog's sake) I'm slipping this post in to remind myself in years to come of the lovely, simple, peaceful Christmas time we had
To my 'home' friends, I think I'm seen as a bit cynical, a bit hard, very logical, with unyielding views of what's black and what's white; to my college friends, I'm seen as the opposite - a bit of a girl, a little naive, a bit unhinged.
Unfortunately, this kind of teaching is all too common in the church and people are all too eager to receive it. It is true that God has blessed us and wants to bless us. But why does he want to bless us? The Genesis passage makes it clear: “so that you will be a blessing . . . and all the people of the earth shall be blessed through you” (Gen 12:2-3). What a different perspective the passage brings when we read the whole text. We are not blessed just so our name can be great and distinguished; we are blessed so that we can be a blessing to others. This is the testimony of the entire Bible. From Abram on, God unfolds his plan to bless the nations through his people whom he has blessed. The kind of preaching and teaching I saw on TV is exactly what made God so upset at Israel in the Old Testament. They kept thinking they were blessed only for their own fame and because of their special status as God’s chosen people. But God’s plan always has been and continues to be that he blesses his people so that they can be a blessing to others and bring glory to God’s name.
I mention the billionaire because the same idea can be applied to America. A few American Billionaires could jump start the economy.
I'm green right now, and I'm ashamed to say it.
So like I mentioned above, I was a little stand off-ish in the beginning. Reed had been able to do a “Jedi mind trick” on Russell and it seemed like Evie was completely cool with the idea. Plus, accepting the fact that she wasn’t normal, even though she felt normal all her life. Then there’s the fact that Reed’s downright rude to her and tells her she needs to leave and go away immediately…but she still has these amazing feelings because he’s so hot. If the beginning was written a little different then I think I would have been a lot more accepting… enough about that though…let’s get to the good stuff!!
1. The adult beverage laws are nonexistant loose. You can drink in the streets. Bars can serve 24/7. Coming from Austin, I was a little weirded out that people were walking around with open containers. "Wait, you can do that?" That makes for set ups like the St. Germain bar on a bike (see below) legal. You can ride around handing out drinks. Even though the laws are loose, one should practice common sense and do not over indulge.
Hopefully, it will catch up to my novel Trapped, which is also in the Top 100 (for the third time) and is currently ranked at #73. Trapped was part of a two book deal with Grand Central, but they rejected it. I published it myself in June of 2010. Since then, it has earned me more than $100,000.
Then for a side dish, I sauteed red cabbage and collard greens in onions, garlic and crushed red pepper. It was incredible - the deep flavor of the greens mixed with the sweet notes of the cabbage.
If 30 million people suddenly want to fill up on pasties then you could have a shortage.
There is not much to separate, this new breed from the neo-con, and should one take the time, one can discern a strong “anti-nazi” perspective to all they do.
We went through many sticks of white chalk for this step. My neighbor did warn us that the chalkboard would be super messy and she was right! I actually hadn't even thought of that yet (no surprise about that, right?) and I hadn't seen it mentioned anywhere I might have referenced while preparing for this project. The lower, magnetic part of the wall was especially dusty since it has a more gritty/bumpy texture. I may decide later that it creates too much dust and sand down the magnetic paint (which, ironically, will create a lot of dust...and probably a new set of eyes/boobs in our window) which will essentially make it unusable since it won't be strong enough anymore but it'll be a trade off I may be willing to make.
“Textures” of Winter Citrus (L’orange Sanguine, Aloe Ice, Hibiscus Sorbet)
Anyone who wants to browse or catch up, check out Phyllis's World Tour Page on the tab above or click HERE.
Meaning: From west of the village
Wow…let me try that again. Sip. Gulp…sllluuuuurp.
However, as mentioned very early in the present excursus, modern paganism IS a syncretistic phenomenon, in its use as an umbrella term, in the original Plutarch-derived sense of the word. We are a highly diverse and unique group of people and of communities and traditions that have banded together under a common banner and for a common cause. This is a good thing, I think, and a useful thing, and it is why I have no trouble describing myself as “pagan” as long as that term is not understood to be synonymous with Wiccan–there is nothing wrong with being Wiccan, it’s just not what I am nor what I do. Just as there are many different ways to understand, nuance, and define syncretism (some useful, in my opinion, and some not), it is also very important to understand that there are different ways to use the idea of syncretism that are not entirely religious or spiritual in nature, even though they are connected with it. This political, Plutarch-derived usage in relation to the umbrella term “pagan” and “modern paganism” (or even “modern polytheism”) is one such not-religious-but-connected-to-religion instance.
I stretched out my hand to shake Joel and Alain's hands, but they just reached out to share a hug ~ they too already knew me through Chris. It was immediately so comfortable.
"Fashion can be bought, style one must possess". The Essence of Fashion is Style
THEY WANTED A SMALL, ENSLAVED POPULATION TO PAMPER THEM
The little fir tree was in a headlong hurry to grow up. It didn't care a thing for the warm sunshine, or the fresh air, and it took no interest in the peasant children who ran about chattering when they came to pick strawberries or raspberries. Often when the children had picked their pails full, or had gathered long strings of berries threaded on straws, they would sit down to rest near the little fir. "Oh, isn't it a nice little tree?" they would say. "It's the baby of the woods." The little tree didn't like their remarks at all.
I have also decided to include breakfast and lunch, although simple, just so I don’t have to figure anything out this week.
BRIAN JONESTOWN MASSACRE - Aufheben
Article 24 A right holder's actual loss may be computed by multiplying the decrement in the number of reproductions due to infringement or the sales volume of infringing copies with the unit profit the right holder's would gain in producing those copies. In case it is hard to determine the decrement of reproductions, the loss shall be determined according to the market sales of the infringing copies.
Slight tenderness, instablity in knee and needed walking aid.
Then came the fall. All the kids were sitting on a wall waiting to ride the train.The kiddos started climbing the fence. I told Reagan to be careful which he quickly responded "Me be careful Mama". So I continued talking to the parents some more. Oops. Reagan totally ate-it. Crash. Smack onto the concrete- head first. Holy hell. I was praying it wasn't the teeth. Just a big 'ol goose egg. The party workers were quick with the ice and he was fine. The parents all thought Nick and I were so calm. If they knew our kid more, they would realize this is pretty standard for him.
The aroma is real barley, with a very nice biscuity sweetness in the malt. The hop is ever-so-slight, and reminiscient of a pilsner. Again, even though this is a pale ale, you coulda fooled me. The smell is surprisingly solid.
We do a disservice to the people who seek Christ when all we do is gather together and enjoy a well-thought out service. We can easily misguide people into thinking that it’s all about enjoyment and entertainment. We end up selling a bag of chips that seems completely full and yet half is air. We need to make sure that we give people Jesus – All of Him! May we not get caught up in our wonderful worlds of technology and ignore the fact that God, Jesus and the Holy Spirit must draw people to Himself.
For less competitive routes, try to buy tickets at least 21 days in advance to get the best price. For high-traffic routes, consult bing.com’s Airfare Predictor, which will advise whether you should snap up that ticket or wait.
“That’s what I said, didn’t I?”
This is a real problem – that a generation habitually breaks the law. If people see the law as something that doesn’t reflect the values by which they live their lives then the rule of law is fatally undermined. The rule of law sounds boring and kind of off putting but it’s called that because it’s the only alternative to the rule of tyrants. Law is allowed to rule because it applies to everybody, even leaders. It prevents the catastrophic establishment of privilege (which is just Latin for private law) but it requires consent to work. By letting the law fall so out of step with what young people do in their daily lives and with how creative work is made, legislators have started down a dangerous path that leads to very bad places and it needs fixing.
I stood on tiptoe on the cold patio concrete, peering into the bathroom window.
out of their "constrictions" (as Funkadelic put it in "One
"The company name that we settled on for our business was Blustery Day Design. This is something of a play on our maiden names of 'Blust', but we also saw including a 'blustery day' in our name as a fitting testimony to both the good and the bad parts of life, the ups and the downs, the happy and the sad. We believe all parts, all days, and all moments, are worth celebrating, acknowledging and supporting. Our business is founded in part on a desire to assist people in really being there for each other, in small but meaningful ways, through everything life contains.
Nobody likes rewrites, or rather, nobody likes the thought of rewriting. However, the actual act of 'killing your babies' is never quite as bad as that expression suggests, and I quite enjoy seeing how an editor or agent sees certain passages of my work differently to the way that I did when I originally penned it. Normally, their suggestions are made to make the book 'sing' when it's started to 'hum' a little, and it's all too easy as the originator to not be able to spot these sticking-points in your work.
What I want you to notice about the completed fairy in this picture is the shadow on the skin. This was made with RV95, not a darker skin sequence. Please remember where I have mentioned in the past that your skin has a slighty purple/blue shadow. This grayish purple is perfect for shading skin and getting a pale, translucent feel to the delicate fairy.
I have been researching startups that offer opportunities for original video content creators to monetize their work, oftentimes by creating marketplaces and platforms. Here are some of the more interesting companies that I have discovered. (Please feel free to add others in the comments section.)
Some things I look for in a beer judge:
As an act of self-preservation, Germany will be forced to either exit the euro outright or cloak its withdrawal with a "euro 1 and euro 2" scheme, a scenario I first laid out in March 2010: Why the Euro Might Devolve into Euro1 and Euro2 (March 2, 2010). Other recent entries on the end-state of the European debt crisis:
All right, so AFD begins with some vacation videos, which is never entertaining. But it allows the movie to introduce us to the victims, uh I mean, characters. First up is an Irish-Catholic gal with the improbable name of Mary O'Reilly O'Toole O'Shea. Oh, bite me. Two seconds in, and I'm already starting to roll my eyes. The good news is that Mary nicely sums up the premise for us: Her friend Muffy just inherited an island with a mansion on it, and Muffy's invited her closest college friends to stay there during Spring Break.
“Bullshit…God has horns!” Terry Bellefleur
From my soul to my eyebrows
So I have been thinking, WHAT is MY word going to be? I mentally went through my list of resolutions that I once again NEED to work on. The usual never ending list that I can't seem to get on top of. I tried to come up with a word that could cover ALL of that list. Self Control was certainly up at the top. Patience. Grace.
I think Michael designed all of them looking further into the future than I did. In the end the bolder, modern, yet, still easy on the eyes logo won out as the primary choice. The more I look at it, the more possibilities I see.
Combine the flour and baking powder, set aside. Cream the sugar and butter. Add the egg and extracts and mix. Gradually add the flour mixture and beat just until combined, scraping down the bowl, especially the bottom.
He visits Iris in the secluded cabin where they had planned their honeymoon, but when he arrives she is being menaced by a giant bear. He tries to save her without using his super-speed, but is kayoed by the grizzly. Fortunately, it turns out that the bear is a retired circus performer. However, Iris is not thrilled at Barry's effort, and indeed, compares him unfavorably to the Flash. Barry returns to Central City, where his uniform, discovered by a passing hitchhiker, is on display at the Flash Museum:
21Let me not give respect to any man, or give names of honour to any living.
*Nathan told me last week he kind of hates leather shorts. That made me sad. But it didn't make me not wear them!
But it does not stop there, as in time honoured tradition we are having a Blog Hop and what fabby prizes Sir Stampalot are offering in addition the the challenge prize above, there's one at each of the DT's blogs and another for the winner of the correct blog hop answer. I know lots of you are familiar with what you need to do, but as we are seeing so many new crafters joining our challenge, I had better briefly explain:
As Christmas season becomes more hectic, what if I let God drive? Maybe everything doesn't have to be perfect, and maybe I don't have to control every tradition, every holiday nuance. What if I just held on for the ride?
At a certain point, I believe the Pentagon will probably send people in to the TV headquarters in the US.
I worked on my plan for months. All through chemo and surgery. All through the arduous recovery periods. And through all the time when we didn't know what the outcome of it all was going to be. In fact, I made two plans. Plan A for a successful outcome, and Plan B for continued cancer. There were times, funnily enough more often after I knew it was over, when I looked upon Plan A with a certain amount of dread. I know myself only too well and I know what the obstacles are that I now am obliged by being alive to overcome. Still, those obstacles were there all along, and there is not now anything more to do than there was before cancer. It's just that now, I feel much more keenly that I want to try.
Today was a tough day for me. I felt extremely exhausted and I flat out did not want to work out. I was determined to leave work, go home, and get dressed to workout and hit play right away.
meet the harding family:
NOW you are ready to make a toile (muslin). What you have to do is trace your block onto some thinner paper - I use plain greaseproof paper (not baking parchment with silicone as that is too slippy). Trace the two halfs - front and back - with the dart markings. After tracing each half, you have to add a seam allowance of 1.5cm to the sides only. The centre front of this pattern is cut on the fold of your fabric as is the centre back - so for the purpose of your toile for fitting, the opening to your skirt will be at the side. Make the toile up in cheap fabric, and fit it to yourself. It should already be quite a good fit, but may need a little adjustment at the waist and hip. Mark where your adjustments are (if any), then transfer these to your block.
So until today I was dealing with a few lists. I decided to get the best bang for my bucks, so in spite of having Karchev, Sorscha and epic Irusk, I thought I’d take a caster with +6 Warjack points. That left me with either regular Irusk or epic Sorscha. And I still had at least a couple of lists for each of them.
Put mixture in food processor and add garlic-onion mixture, vinegar, orange juice, coriander, olive oil, yogurt and salt and pepper. Fold in chopped parsley.
Are losing theirs because of immigration,
No one likes long run backs. Mass rez is SO BEAUTIFUL. /tear. I didn’t get to experience the Molten Core run back when it was content, but I’ve heard it was brutal. I did get to do Serpentshrine Cavern, because nothing’s more fun than swimming through a narrow tunnel when you’re a wisp. Really, try it.
I have stopped smiling at them and nodding and keeping to myself. I have started firing back. "NO you know what I really need? To make my own decisions. To decide what's best for me. And I really don't like doing what you're suggesting. So I'm not doing it that way thank you very much."
Field Green Salad With Haru’s signature house dressing
3) Hollywood
Happy Friday! Blogger wasn't working yesterday, and I was getting super antsy because I couldn't wait to tell you about our newest giveaway! The kind people over at Perricone MD are offering a $150 shopping spree to one lucky Helen Hearts reader. Since I work so closely with the beauty industry, I'm especially excited to partner with a company that delivers some of the best skin care products for women.
As people who enjoy fitness and a healthy lifestyle, we all know some days are better than others. Most days are great. We are inclined to eat healthy and going to workout is almost second nature. We relish the fact that we can push our bodies to new heights continuously and love the way we feel afterward. There are also those days we don’t feel as motivated and we “try” to workout. In the words of the old and wise Yoda, “Do or do not, there is no try”.
I wonder why people always touch or grab a part of their body that’s in pain. It’s like an automatic impluse. We can’t help it, if we have a nasty headache we have to grab our head, if we stub our toe we have to grab our foot. Do our hands have some kind of healing property? Or are we just making sure that our body part is still there, despite the searing or throbbing pain?
He did not always attend meals in the dining room as his tastes ran to those of an eight year old. This caused me to have to hunt him down. He was almost always in his room where he watched dvds of tv programs like The Three Stooges, black and white Superman shows, and cartoons. Tom and Jerry being his fav.
I recently ran across this small & lovely Book "an exchange of letters" between
It is not the Germany of the first decade that followed the war - broken, dejected and bowed down with a sense of apprehension and impotence. It is now full of hope and confidence, and of a renewed sense of determination to lead its own life without interference from any influence outside its own frontiers.
Online Shopping Deals For Consumers
I’m laying on your bed, btw. I wrote this whole thing laying here.
I've been here six months
Oskoreien is an American atmospheric black metal band led by Jay Valena, utilizing elements of neofolk and black metal.
I couln’t resist throwing in some maple sugar, maple syrup and pecans as well, sorry, I just can’t help it .They are moist, tasty and simply delicious ! You really should have one. Or two.
9. A Nostalgic Bummer
“Jaded bounty hunter Bryan Kelly is head-over-hormones in lust with a woman…and what she does to his senses is criminal.”
Subsequent to this productive and enlivening morning, my evening was spent attending one of my final Kevin Jackson Masterclasses. I think our scene is coming together very strongly – Kevin praised us for hitting our thoughts on the lines rather that “daylighting”, for listening and reacting to one another, and for the shared musicality in our performance (because we were listening and connecting and working off one another). It’s so wonderful to be working with my scene partner Shaun (who just recently stumbled upon this blog – Hi Shaun!) and I am very much looking forward to our public presentation on Sunday!
She loves zebras so I thought it would be fun to send her a card using Pixie Dust Studio’s Spring Zebra. I hope it brings a smile to her face!
.: A heart is a fragile thing, that’s why we protect them so vigorously, give them away so rarely, and why it means so much when we do. Some hearts are more fragile than others, purer somehow. Like crystal in a world of glass. Even the way they shatter is beautiful :.
In order to do that effectively, you can't just say they're friendly or shoehorn friendly banter that's at odds with their characters. You have to craft characters that work together, that have complimentary strengths and workable differences. An group of people working together needs to be a team in real life with everyone contributing from their strong suits. In a novel, this is also true, whether the team is a pair or a dozen key players (with different goals and personalities) that make the story go.
one Go-gurt pouch. (okay, MOST of what we eat doesn’t come out of a pouch.)
The committee sent out a plea regarding Jeff Mwangi Kwirikia which was widely circulated on the internet, via email, blogs, discussion forums and Facebook.
That sparkled on the yellow field,
Psalm 32: 1-2 says: Blessed is the one whose transgressions are forgiven, whose sins are covered. Blessed is the one whose sins the LORD does not count against them and in whose spirit is no deceit.
“Can’t catch me can’t catch me wwwwwaaaaaaaacck!”
In the late 19th century the paper came out against political bosses, picking fights with Brooklyn Democratic “Boss” Hugh McLaughlin, and Gravesend “Boss” John McKane. The Eagle unsuccessfully fought the movement to consolidate Brooklyn with New York City, with this warning: “If tied to New York, Brooklyn would be a Tammany suburb, to be kicked, looted and bossed.” (Brooklyn became a borough of greater New York in 1898.)
She laughs brightly. “How about someone who wasn’t a pathological liar and womanizer?”
During this time, two things happened. First, client management got disillusioned with market research. They started getting rid of researchers who had been so wrong so often.
Next are the sections for Equippable Weapons and Equippable Armors. This is where you will choose which armor and weapons this particular class will be allowed to use. For the sake of simplicity, I will only choose Bows as the equippable Weapons and a leather breastplate for the armor, and Life Ring for the accessory.
It's been a while since the Fratelli Ravioli place on Court Street near President in Carroll Gardens gave up the ghost. The space remained vacant for months, but now there are stirring of activity and it looks like the address has been taken over by its next door neighbor, the Marco Polo Ristorante.
My top 3:
My daughter, a teacher, called & told me about the
Palpatine: sputtering Alright. Stop it. I told you to cut it out! You've forced my hand. stands and holds hands out in front of him, firing purple lightning at Luke Actually, you've forced both my hands! cackles
Now if you excuse me, I need to set up the table for a private tea party between Little Miss, Barbie and I.
Although I’m not into flower photos, I liked the bokeh in this one and the detail of the rain drops that are on the flower.
How was everyone's 1st of May? Traditionally the partying happens on May Day's Eve and on the 1st people have a picnic, but I was so tired from the day before I just went straight back home.
Here's another card using the sketch from this week's "Less is More" challenge but this is for the challenge at The Pink Elephant this week, which is Spring! To me it is a season of New Life and so this image from A Day for Daisies is perfect!
so in the name of equality,
I just wish it hadn't come so soon.
Then my favorite out of them all the Hibiscus & Strawberry Intense Quench Conditioner. The smell…AMAZING! Even after enough of the product was on my hair, I just had the urge to apply more. It smelled that good.
'cause there's beauty in the breakdown
9. Under the Spell
Anyway, Thursday morning. I got up, and felt much better. I think the flu was gone. Thank goodness! I was SO ready to be done with it. I got the kids off to school, and then CPT came home to get ready to go to work. And I started working on designing. I stopped at 9am, and had 2 1/2 packs designed. Not packaged, but designed. Not too bad. Well, I had one designed from last week. LOL.
Note from L: I just wanted to say- us ladies love a great make out session. We really, really do. It primes our engines for the main event. Its close, it connects us...and really, is just really great to have a hot make out session with our man. So really, this is one you probably shouldn't skip too often!
using the HC western broncos die cut leafy branches from light and dark green cardstock. distress the light green ones with tea dye distress ink and some of the dark green ones with vintage photo distress ink. arrange the branches at the top left corner of your layout. use double sided and 3d tape to adhere them.
He added: “I’m not sick and I don’t want to hurt anyone, cars are just my preference.”
I have been outside more since all the rain has eased up. Most of April and May we had lots and lots of rain. I planted my very first herb garden
Skimmed milk yogurt, whisked 1/2 cup
Shake to the ground. The motion
On April 20th, there will be games, and free arts and crafts activities for kids from 3PM-6PM. Live music will be available that day from 5PM-8PM at the Putnam Triangle Plaza, the Garage at Fulton Street and Vanderbilt Avenue, and Fowler Square.
On June 1, 2011 Washington, DC's Channel 4 (WRC-TV, NBC) aired a report titled "Trinidad: Real Estate Hot Spot?" The report was a "positive" story on Trinidad real estate and gentrification. Unfortunately, I believe the coverage was inaccurate based on its racial depiction of both new- and long-time Trinidad residents.
Current scientists, like doctors, have not been looking at this potential problem because they have assumed the chemical composition of the sea is constant just like our blood pH. This is not case for the oceans or our blood. The oceans and our blood are constantly trying to maintain their alkalinity at the expense of the coral for the ocean and the bones for our blood.
I was not overly impressed with what I saw in this particular set of photos. However, there were a few pieces that stuck out worse than others.
Some people try and blame the bud.
The photographs were taken at the now demolished EMI House in Manchester Square in London:
And so I wrote a response to this poem delineating what I saw to be the weak points in what he (Miro) had put out there—
Catch you on the Flip
May 7, 2012
Day 7, attend pioneer day celebration and dress the part (kindof).
While Alaric was down, waiting to rise from the dead, Jeremy and Matt showed up with a gun and a crossbow to rescue Elena. This move almost got them killed when Esther tried to magically force Jeremy and Matt to shoot each other instead of her (I may have freaked out when this happened). Note: I cannot believe the evil in this woman!!! Besides the horror of forcing two of Elena’s most precious men kill each other, I was appalled at the thought of losing two TV hotties in one go, it just isn’t right! Luckily, Alaric woke up and pulled Esther’s loveless heart right out of her body (Damon style).
He also says that “Jesus is integral to God’s own identity.”
At the end of the First Crusade, the church created a monastic military order known as the Knights Templar. Now, rising up from the ashes of history, they are the Vatican’s last defense in the war between good and evil…
SierraMadreSue
NB: Please note should you wish to remove this add-on service you will be liable for a downgrade fee of R200.00
I used to live in Ocean Grove, NJ and I loved it. My dilapidated house was only 5 houses from the Atlantic Ocean and it was just lovely. I could see the sunrise every morning on my way to work and walk along the boardwalk whenever I wanted.
The ANC says it is "extremely disappointed and puzzled" by a high court decision refusing it leave to appeal an earlier finding on the singing of a controversial struggle song containing the lyrics "dubul’ ibhunu" (shoot the boer).
Sort of.
But the Holy Spirit also comes alongside us corporately and we turn to opening verses of Acts 13 to get a glimpse of this:
(1) Complete = 7.99
I won’t say it was exactly horrible, but next time I’ll stick to the very tasty lime…
We are ambitious. Our ambition is obvious in the range of initiatives we have underway, from a new library, a private hospital, and a new undergraduate curriculum in 2010.
Pros: Michelin recommended restaurant.
33) Sales Cycle Length - Do you know how long it takes for a new lead to turn into a customer? Track this and monitor how it changes over time so your sales team can prioritize their funnel, and marketing can generate more leads that convert in a shorter time span.
Once they see my new glasses, they are going to feel all kinds of guilt and remorse for tormenting me so much.
The song is only half as good as it should be, which is exactly why ShareBuds exist.
They are being punished for something that has absolutly nothing to do with them
So this is
I will be back here when I can, weekend greetings to all reading this!
I know from my own experience that my horse (who currently schools Fourth Level and some of the Prix St. George) cannot school in the arena more than three days per week. (And he’ll tell you if you ask!) So to keep him fresh, interested, and fit, we spend the three days hacking out, doing trot and canter sets in the lanes, or long-lining, another three days doing a more traditional schooling routine, and then he gets one day off per week. And I generally find that I get my best, show-quality work from him on the day after he’s either rested or hacked – particularly if we struggled with a problem or issue in our last training session prior to the rest day. It’s like the time away has shown him what he needs to do to get it right (and me too!), so with a little bit of cogitation and fresh muscles, it’s all right there.
They destroyed our families’ factories and they took our homes
Regarding Finnestad’s comments, to be fair, I’m not sure whether or not Reilly quoted him out of context. That is entirely possible. But as provided, the quote is not accurate. Yes, Jesus’ sacrificial death and subsequent resurrection were enough to cover the sins of every person who ever lived, but His sacrifice is only applied to those who follow Him. Finnestad is basically saying that it doesn’t matter what you believe, everybody’s going to heaven. Scripture just doesn’t bear that out.
*I'm getting no money for this recommendation, I just thing Trader Joe's Bacon Ends and Pieces might be the world's best bacon product. It's usually super thick meaty slices, and so cheap ($3 for a whole pound)! It's not good for when you want to fry in slices for breakfast, but it's perfect for cooking a bit at a time into recipes, and one package is enough bacon for baconing up 3 or 4 different dishes. It's great having it in the fridge for adding a little richness to a veggie pasta dish, or to make spaghetti carbonara, or a quiche, or anything bacon is good in (which is almost everything).
heading east as I write this.
and quiet me to where i will listen
It’s ok, and actually very healthy to feel sad when someone wrongs you. The danger comes in holding grudges. Although very normal, grudges may start out small at first, but can build into something quite overwhelming and feelings of helplessness prevail.
She looked into the mirror and closely studied her face. The mirror just looked back at her, staring straight into her eyes. “Who you looking at you old woman!” The lady in the mirror just smiled back. With much caution in her steps she slowly walked out of the bathroom and headed towards her favorite chair by the window, her old bent finger flipped up the switch of her radio. She loved “Prairie Home Companion” on a Saturday night. Then she reached into her bathrobe pocket and pulled out her mother’s old magnifying glass. She placed it against the face of her watch and slowly drew it towards her blue eyes. It was six o’clock and time for another beautiful sunset over Brooklyn.
only imagine how hard his heart was beating when he took that long jog out to
Cheerleaders
This weekend we had a small casual gathering with friends at our place. I really wanted to keep it simple, without too much cooking and cleaning afterwards. So I came up with a simple finger foods menu.
Bless those of you who have troubles and worries in your life and know that I am thinking of you. If I could grant you one wish it is that I could take your troubles away. Of course I can’t do that so I hope instead of being sad for the whole Christmas you might spend some of the time re-living happy memories and smiling.
Because I was a slacker, I didn't look through backpacks until I was packing lunches Sunday night, whoopsie! Kyan was the star student this week and needed to decorate a poster and fill in facts - All About Him! Let's just say we missed bedtime!
Up until a few weeks ago Paranormal Activity would have been a lot higher on the list but I watched it with some friends after seeing it in theatres when it was first released. On my recent second viewing, it really didn't get to me. It felt like being at a dinner party and watching the couple who's hosting it fight. After you get past the scares the movie works as an interesting examination of a relationship in a tailspin, a tailspin on fire. But when I first saw it I was scared for weeks. It is eerie and unsettling. The noises are just familiar enough to happen in your own room and since most of the crazy stuff happens when they are sleeping, which is when we are of course most vulnerable, it adds new meaning to "never sleep again". Needless to say my friends who saw it a few weeks ago were rightfully freaked out, but I slept like a baby that night.
Park Yoochun’s manager was driving the van at the time and it was later found that the cause of the accident was the manager dozing off at the wheel. The car rear-ended a truck and the front of the vehicle was damaged beyond recognition. Though Park Yoochun was sitting in the passenger seat of the car, he luckily did not suffer from any major injuries.
Hi Folks. I’m moving from Blogger (Journey to my Knitting Patterns) to WordPress, and here’s my inaugural Worpress post. I’m just finding out how things work over here, so things may not be perfect. But were they ever anyway?
So there he was, the fucking auto-rickshaw driver, holding up another hundred rupee note and a convoluted face accusing me of screwing up for a second time.
This book will futher document the lives of a few indivduals and their experiences at university.
This is V.En. (Vertical Energy), a project by Yew Choong Chan, sited in the Lea Valley, London. It starts off with some swarming and growth diagrams – of both bacteria and birds – extrudes a series of mechanical towers out of that motion-structure, then projects all of this roughly 50 years into the future.
Some (many?) of you might be familiar with the young homeless family that I was helping last year. I'm assuming that most of you know part or all of the story but if not, the link is here. Blogging about K's story is how I came in contact with a lot of you in the first place. ;-)
Newsroom training has been a passion of mine since the mid-1990s, and I am pleased and proud that training plays such a prominent role in Digital First efforts to change our company’s business model, culture and workflow. I first discussed this plan with Matt on a visit to the Register Citizen in Torrington last June. As Matt acknowledged on Twitter today, the “ninja” concept is “super hokey.” But what’s super-important is that the ninja “belts” that journalists earn through the program are backed up by actual cash. A journalist earning all five belts will earn $2,000 in bonuses (to say nothing of the opportunities for advancing to positions that pay more.
I am hoping that after some sleep last night and a good nap today, we won’t have to worry about me making any “wrong” decisions today. To any one who says it’s the just the Terrible Two’s is mistaken. It’s one’s, two’s, three’s, and since we’re over half way there…I’m expecting at least part of the four’s. Wish me luck…
I have met Jill at BlogHer after her panel and was just delighted with her sweetness and all around general goodness. She was one of those "must meet bloggers" while I was there. As I am not "star struck" since I live in So Cal and they are a dime a dozen, I am, however, blog struck by some of my most favorite bloggers.
Switching gears from Christmas yesterday, I have a Halloween layout to share today. I still have so many Halloween things, like the pumpkin patch, carving pumpkins, etc. to scrapbook, but I’ve decided to let them just come instead of forcing them since the results will be better I’m sure.
The 10th chapter of Hebrews is a chapter with a plea for the Christian to remain steadfast in the faith, to draw near. Paul has prepared the Christian a salad in which he uses a lot of “let us”. In verse 22 he says, “Let us draw near with a true heart,” in verse 23, “let us hold fast the profession of our faith,” and in verse 24, “let us consider one another.” This salad is a part of the Christian’s diet. Digest this “let us” every week and you’ll draw near, you’ll not draw back.
Then once again stand proud.
First time in almost 13 years anyone has.
lets invite the world press,
"lake house" was recently painted from dark brown overall to
By now most people have read the books, I have read the books multiple times because they are so amazing to read. The detail, the characters and plot are out of this world. I really could continue to read Harry Potter for years and years to come. The second story in the world of Harry Potter is Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secrets.
Me: "What if it's just a giant uterus that people had to throw babies at and if the babies stick, they win the game or something?"
As we know, I recently ended an almost 3 year relationship. I relate to this song because it acknowledges how much it hurts, but that ultimately I will smile and be happy again because I deserve to.
Phyllis died yesterday in a hospital in NW London, after long illness and a brief, unhappy time in a care home. The others have departed, except for Eve. She endures. Now aged 93 anda great-grandmother, she lives out her days in a nursing home in rural Somerset. This afternoon, one of us her children will go and tell her that she is now the last of the five musketeers:
Second, such a system would be good for the Fed. As we can see from the current political discourse, the Federal Reserve currently has both an image problem in that it’s viewed as being interested only in the well-being of the financial industry and not that of the people from whom it borrows the inherently public monetary powers that give it force, and a policy problem in that has much less in the way of tools to deal with the “maximum employment” part of its mission than it does with the “price stability” part of its mission. At the moment, because the Federal Reserve works on the economy primarily by influencing interest rates, the Federal Reserve’s ability to actually achieve “maximum employment” is something akin to the captain of a giant ocean liner trying to turn the ship – it can be done, but it takes a huge amount of effort (in terms of pushing interest rates), and the ship is slow to respond. Lowering interest rates will generally boost economic growth and employment, but it takes several quarters, if not years to generate job growth. By acting as “lender of last resort” to the “employer of last resort,” the Federal Reserve would be able to create millions of jobs in a few months, giving it a degree of control over the unemployment rate equivalent to its control over interest rates.
Golden light burst out into the cavern, centered on the artifact before Kostya. It forced him to his knees and his hands lept to close his visor. Fear gripped him now. Unsure of what he was about to see. Kostya lowered his hand and gazed at the artifact before him. A golden chest sat upon a high, rocky platform. It radiated its own golden light into the room. Upon its top at either end, were statues of two angels. Their wings were outstretched toward one another, the tips touching. Kostya gasped.
Hubby: Me?! You even compare our blood work after our physicals.
Cops: Dad Brought Child to Robbery Watch Video
Well surprise, surprise, not the case.
I’ll be waiting, so don’t let me wait in vain.
* Put the logo on your blog or post.
All of these 3 aspects of autism demonstrably overlap with each other - for example, prosopagnosia and the notorious issues with "eye contact" (a bizarre phrase to me, with the image it conjures up of people's eyes actually touching each other...) are in the overlap between sensory processing and social communication, attention-deficit issues are very often an overlap between sensory processing and executive function, and difficulty with initiating conversation or other social interaction can be partly due to communication difficulties and partly due to inertia/executive function issues - but nonetheless i think most if not all widely-recognised aspects (or "symptoms" as the DSM types would doubtless say) of autism (that i can think of, anyway) fall into at least 1 of these 3 broad categories, or can be explained as an interaction between them.
leaf stirred. My heart hummed, and a tingle of apprehension made my palms damp.
I realize I haven't posted a "dash of happy" song in a while. It's not because there's any lack of good music - it's just general busyness, and I guess I also haven't heard a song that made me think, "yes, that's the one!" Well, this week, I heard one.
A rose would be my next choice. I have a couple of old fashioned ramblers in the deep red color that are crawling with buds at the moment, and they are very pretty when they pop out. I also have a Knockout in white that stays beautiful from early spring clear up through the early winter snow. My favorite is the yellow rose, and hopefully I can manage one of those this year.
Row 11- ch1, turn, sc in 3, 2sc in ch2sp, sc in 5, 2scin ch2sp, sc in 3. Finish off.
Tickets @ The Rhythum Room
Viv wasn't just a bag; she was a stylish keeper of secrets – receipts, schedules, make-up and stealth purchases all dutifully zipped from the public eye. She once even harboured an iron – but that’s another story.
Vogt and Butler used ground-based telescopes to track the star's precise movements over 11 years and watch for wobbles that indicate planets are circling it. The newly discovered planet is actually the sixth found circling Gliese 581. Two looked promising for habitability for a while, another turned out to be too hot and the fifth is likely too cold. This sixth one bracketed right in the sweet spot in between, Vogt said.
But that’s history, and Christian churches are weak on history, even and especially their own. Besides, can there be any doubt that Mexico’s histrionic envy is on the agenda for mainstream American churches? It’s a subject sure to be addressed after they’ve finished off Israel, our racism, and the victimization of gays. Yes, Mexico’s former territory is on the agenda all right; it’s just too far down the list to see as yet. First, there are all these other burning issues.
Yes, it’s fine if you don’t update those that are Type A and Type C. They wouldn’t make a big deal out of it anyways. They are those people who only go to work to earn so they could support themselves and their family and don’t give it a damn if they are kept in the loop or not. When you are faced with those that are Type B and Type D, on the other hand, you have to inform them or you have to entertain their questions in case they wonder. If you keep everything secret or if you filter what you tell them, they might think that there’s something wrong, you’re hiding something, or some paranoids might think the company or the department they are in is not doing well anymore or it’s going through a hard time that might even lead to them losing their jobs, the company closing down, or reporting itself bankrupt.
4.In chapter three Tristan is delirious with pain and fever. What images appear to him? Who are Tristan’s enemies? Why do they want to stop him?
This month I have several Promo events without reviews; THREE KINDLE GIVEAWAY EVENTS!
March 21st (Wednesday) : Yokohama
April 1st 9am-6pm
AFP – Brazil should suspend work on the massive Belo Monte dam project in the Amazon to consult the affected indigenous population, an intergovernmental human rights panel said Tuesday.
When I make a taco pizza, I completely cook the crust before adding any toppings. I abhor melted cheese on my taco pizza, so that is always the very last ingredient I top the pizza with. Speaking of cheese, I prefer to buy organic cheese in chunks and then grate it myself. Once nice result of that is that even though I use the same dry measurement as I would with an already shredded cheese, I really end up using less cheese by weight since when I grate it myself, they are lighter, thinner shreds that tend to curl and aren't as tightly packed as the already shredded stuff.
of pictures and of shimmering gowns
corruption, reverse racism etc)
And as far as the former password sensitive site, sorry about that.
~ I drink Red Stag the way Cookie Monster eats cookies.
The exciting news is that I signed up for a class at Le Notre this week. Guess what I'll be learning! Yep, Brioche. Can't wait......check the blog for a post.
Q & A with Derrick
The servant has been made ruler over all the master has and it is assumed that he will be doing the will of the master all the time. So he calls him blessed. Not much is said about doing what is right because that’s what we are supposed to do…
There is a subtext to the show, however, and with the added context of the gallery setting, the show becomes another enterprise entirely. The fact is you don’t exactly know where to stand in Attoe’s show? Is Attoe unapologetically blue collar, making art when he returns from the factory or the bar, and his gaggle of mullet headed kids are asleep (I use archetypes not because I believe them but because Attoe seems to). Does he believe in this way of life, does he respect it in any way?
This week at Just Add Ink, Mae has come up with a GREAT challenge. I say great, because it really took me out of my comfort zone - frustrating at first, but that's the whole idea of a 'challenge', isn't it? I do favour colour challenges over sketches, but I'm trying to open my mind!
I do not wish to push people away by being too attentive towards them. At the same time I do not wish to seem like I don’t care at all. I’ve never been good at balancing those two aspects. I’m doing my best to learn though.
Honestly, is it safe for her to be driving in such a garment? Any non-Muslim wearing such a ridiculous thing to drive in would have the book thrown at them if caught, and no one would give it a second thought.
-DO NOT LECTURE ME ON PRIVACY AND TRUST
You only have to look at what happens to people who were cosseted from failure as kids to realise the damage that this does to them as adults, they end up becoming contestants (who are all "winners") on The Apprentice!
2 cloves diced garlic
This entry could be longer than the other nine combined, all about how much I love Mass Effect, and I wouldn't even come close to exhausting all the good things I have to say about it. Fortunately for everyone reading this, given the focus of this post I will confine myself to the soundtrack. Jack Wall and Sam Hulick (who composed the music for the game; the soundtrack merely features additional music by Richard Jacques and David Kates) primarly use the typical orchestral instrumentation found in most hack game soundtracks, and though the first song in the game (the theme, naturally) swoops and soars as you would expect (skillfully to the animation, climaxing just as Shepard's face is first revealed), the bulk of the music rests in an unusually minimalistic style, inviting favorable comparisons to Philip Glass (no, I am not saying Wall and Hulick are as talented as Glass. That would be insane), and the score's understated mode makes the crescendos of tracks like "Spectre Induction" and "Saren" all the more powerful.
Now there are two staples to a Russian meal that are always on the table. Beets in some form such as Borshch (pic below), or in a salad, or stewed, creamed, pickled, mashed, damn I got sick of beets. Ukrainian in origin Borshch consists of BEETS, tomatoes, beef stock, wine, onion, and thats about it. Very good on those cold Russian nights.
These days, the most common question I get from junior analysts about derivatives is, “How much money did we make off the client?” It bothers me every time I hear it, because it is a clear reflection of what they are observing from their leaders about the way they should behave. Now project 10 years into the future: You don’t have to be a rocket scientist to figure out that the junior analyst sitting quietly in the corner of the room hearing about “muppets,” “ripping eyeballs out” and “getting paid” doesn’t exactly turn into a model citizen.
full to bursting.
Respect should be something that begins at home and carries along to all other facets of life. Modeling respect is one of the best ways to earn respect from your students. I know that as an adult, if I am treated respectfully I am going to treat that person the same way in return. (of course... it is much harder to treat rude people (HUGE pet peeve!!) with respect, but they deserve the same :) The problem is... our kids come from so many different walks of life. Mom, Dad, grandma, cousins, etc. might not be present in your students' lives. Consistency is so important, especially at this young age, to reinforce these life skills. WE as teachers might be the only consistency our kids have from day to day.
The main issue in these cases is whether the emergency which on December 16, 1941 prompted the approval of Commonwealth Act No. 671, delegating extraordinary powers to the President, still existed at the time the Chief Executive exercised those powers by promulgating the executive orders whose validity is now challenged.
So for the next week or so i'll be posting my LA style...
First I would like to apologize for not visiting blogs lately. The outside landscaping work has been very tiring. In addition, I have had pain behind my eye (my prosthesis) and around my top eyelid that has been hurting me pretty bad lately. I have an appointment to see an oculoplastic physician on Monday so hopefully they can figure out what is wrong and help me out, or fix what is causing the pain. I really can't complain though, since the surgery called enucleation has lasted since I was about a month old, and I haven't had any problems up til now, almost 35 years later. I will visit your blogs soon.
So, all you non-sexual predators, here’s a step-by-step guide to getting things going with your platonic crush:
Adrian, as a director for the first time, was the world on your shoulders?
We can get to the path from our home although we are briefly in traffic. The street we live on dead ends into the old Denver and Rio Grande railroad station. Part of the debate was making the station part of the transit hub but it didn’t happen. The beautiful building now houses part of the state archives. The old waiting room-atrium occasionally hosts art exhibits. I am heading west toward the station and will turn right and north at this intersection.
I qualify not, though, as a crybaby, for I am a sensitive lad. Even my mother says so.
It might not be too everyones taste but I felt the need to do another Art post and found this and was surprisingly intrigued by it. Here is the artists’ vimeo page with a video for the making of this piece as well as others.
Christopher Stokes of Medicins Frontieres told them,
I posted previously on songs and destinations and there has been some great engagement / discussion on Linkedin, particularly on the ADMEI Group. I’ll keep this theme open a while longer before compiling the definitive list of “songs that sell destinations”. Some of the current suggestions are well known, iconic songs with very obvious destination connections – Elvis’ “Viva Las Vegas” (thanks Stephanie!) or John Denver’s “Colorado Rocky Mountain High” (thanks Nicole and Deana!) but some are less well known with subtle, tenuous links – Mark Knofler’s “Romeo and Juliet” (Indigo Girls version), suggested by Stratford-upon-Avon’s DMC Emma Wellstead and Vicky Samson’s “My African Dream” – which is magnificent – proposed by Paul Stephen.
Now, there is a lot of talk about how you shouldn’t ride a mountain bike on the road and you shouldn’t ride a road bike on the trails and you shouldn’t ride a Brompton at all; whilst I agree that Bromptons (in fact all folding bikes) should be banned for all eternity, I must say I conform more to the idea that you can ride whatever you like, wherever you like.
Signaling a growing movement toward direct political action among desperate western farmers, "Sockless" Jerry Simpson calls on the Kansas Farmers' Alliance to work for a takeover of the state government.
This would also be a great craft to do with a group (MOPs, craft night, family gathering, etc.)!
New May Menu, please note that the pub is open lunchtimes Fri/Sat & Sun for food 12-2pm & 6-9pm.
I'm sure I'll be posting pictures on Friday. :)
This week was also the first week of wearing a new pair of sunglasses, a really, really expensive pair of sunglasses. My last pair was a $30 pair off one of those round sunglasses spiny thing. When I bought that I couldn’t believe I was spending so much for them but I wore them 3 years so all in all a good investment.
Hilary Clinton and Pentagon big shots responded with the usual regrets and worthless determinations to investigate, without admitting responsibility - all while Pakistan's own death toll from the "war on terror" rises, it struggles under an excess of American demands that are contrary to its own national interest, and as uninformed, people-pleasing US-senators and Republican presidential candidates continue to pick on this infinitely more important country.
Another example of sloppy legal language lies in the statement that
The next morning the old woman went out to look at the mortar, and was so ashamed of its appearance she thought she would clean it up. She dug out the rubbish and spread it under her tea bushes, then she drew water from the well and washed the mortar, also pooring the muddied water under her tea bushes. When she was finished she was happy to think that her strange guest of the following evening would be pleasantly surprised.
And then our sister got sick and I reminded myself that life is short and beautiful and that I have to make the decision again to live and love abundantly.
We managed polite greetings through our surprise as Jon continued.
In a pan,add oil with mustard seeds.
Miller E, Fairley CK, Cohen BJ, Seng C. Immediate and long term outcome of human parvovirus B19 infection in pregnancy. Br J Obstet Gynaecol 1998; 105: 174-178.
AC: Is there a difference between self-publishing on the Internet and self-publishing in print media?
Let’s get at this difference closer by talking about the word ‘faithfulness’. Faithfulness is that quality in a person who possesses faith and acts in accordance with it. A person with faith ought to be faithful. Now, to say that faith is a feeling is to say that faithfulness, as a way of evaluating our faith, is a measure of how much you felt God throughout your life. But this is highly suspect. We know already that our feelings are fickle. They change from day to day and hour to hour. Furthermore, my feelings are one of the most unreliable guides to action in my life. If I depended on my feelings to make all my choices, I would make terrible choices. My feelings cannot support my marriage. My feelings will not make me a responsible and truly loving father. My feelings will make me a fickle pastor. Just in practical terms, nobody maintains a sense of inner fervency at all times; everybody has periods when they’re down and low. Faithfulness cannot be a measure of your feelings because nobody here has control over his or her feelings. And so we must, we absolutely must, separate our feelings from our faith. They are not the same thing.
We seem to have lost the knack.
right out the batter’s box
Ewww…dog!, thought Malcolm turning up his nose, do they ever bathe?
I'm being plagued by many, not least my own mother, who is Queen Diana, to get pregnant again, as my earlier daughter grew up overnight to a seventeen year old on Tarsus II in a device built by the Doolittles. As a result, she can now talk to animals and is Queen of the Jungle there. My mother, therefore needs another daughter that will eventally sit on her throne.
The Plot of Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire:
All the best to “The Light Workers”
Except I had no stakes. All I had were these landscaping flags. I don't even know why we have these. I think maybe we had to flag the heads of our sprinkler system once? I don't know...
Okay, don’t be annoyed. I’m not trying to go all Days of Our Lives cliff-hangery on you, but this story was just too long for one post. Come back tomorrow for the rest of the story!
(This recipe can be made in a mini cheesecake pan or in a muffin pan with or without papers. I made mine in a mini cheesecake pan and a muffin pan with papers.)
Congratulations to the winner of the
Me: I think I look pretty good but I’m worried about my neck.
A point that came up time and time again whilst chatting to Judy was the importance of networking. Our own design and the market module puts a great emphasis on creating a professional online presence for yourself, to raise your profile and create useful connections. Judy would see other designers updating blogs or making connections via twitter and think why am I not doing that? If you are not promoting yourself online there is a whole world of business you are missing out on. Judy maintains a blog, along with Twitter and LinkedIn accounts to connect with her market. She describes social media applications as a direct link of communication with customers, investors and anyone else of interest, giving them a much better insight into her working life and creating a personal connection. Social networking has also helped her reach out to a global marketplace that would not have been available to her otherwise.
The real value of the information gained from the webbot project comes through in the ability of the decoder to make sense of that information.
Tripped Out by Pierced Arrows
Kilpatrick adds, “The tone we had going didn’t lend itself to typical supernatural stories.”
I must say... it was REALLY good. Very. But you'd better have a brand new box of tissues sitting next to you, extra soft. I'm reading it for a book club and I got midway through when I texted a friend who is also in the book club.
Combine all ingredients in a large pitcher and let flavors blend overnight.
For our councillors, their power is limited to a small patch. And even that authority is bestowed on them by the people. Jesus is quite different. While these men and women who canvas for votes are asking for power, Jesus has it in abundance. Promises of brighter futures and plans to make them a reality are important, but only Jesus is really in control.
10:00 – Awake (NBC): Britten and Bird size up a possible case of gang violence. Before long, clues from Britten’s parallel realm force him to give the case a harder look. Elsewhere, Hannah offers a helping hand to Rex’s girlfriend; Capt. Harper can’t fulfill a promise; and Vega puts Britten’s going-away party into motion. Fun fact: I will never give this show a try. Sorry, Awake.
If you were an author, would you want to open the pages of a New York Times’ best seller only to see words written by you and you weren’t credited nor do you remember giving any permission to reproduce your works. Would you be happy? I thought so.
Just don’t run around saying that one death is more important than another. Don’t demand more attention for one person like the other doesn’t deserve it because of their failures in life. Everyone has done something in their life that other people wouldn’t approve of. That’s not the point.
(Will pick at random)
We both laughed and it was over.
Supporting the spiritual trajectory of a decade's counterculture has never been the strong suit of mainstream Hollywood. Take, for instance, the cinematic output of the 1980s. You can scour the frames of countless motion pictures that were made during that particular period of time and still come up empty in terms of finding era specific examples of the fashion, music, sexuality, and interior design that helped shape the Zeitgeist. The people in charge of making these movies clearly had no real interest in the chromatic explosion that was happening all around them. It's true, there were a handful of directors, costumers, and production designers who understood the full magnitude of what was going down. But for the most part, the film's reek of misguided nostalgia and broken dreams. If the bland and the feckless amongst filmmaking elite weren't going to remove their collective heads from the gaping asshole known as "the sixties" and properly capture the essence of the fingerless glove decade, who would? Pornographers! That's fucking who. The unsavoury world of pornography may have a lot going against it: wanton drug abuse, suspect production values, wonky acting skills, and scene after scene of unappealing double penetration action to name slightly more than a few. But when it comes to crystallizing what it meant to be alive in the 1980s, you should look no further than your average adult film made between 1980 and 1989.
I was pretty impressed with my hemoglobin count. Wow. Last year it was at a high of 14.0, this year I’m not eating a lot of red meat, which is what they say is the best source of iron and for donating. Red meat is starting to disagree with me, so I’ve drastically cut it down. I think the only red meat I’ve had in the past few months was one hamburger this past Sunday. Still, I’m not saying that it’s the best thing to do; not even sure that it’s the best thing for me, but it is what it is.
In my experience other children are the most curious about Katie's adoption and they tend to ask the most difficult questions. I think they are more difficult because it's harder to explain to them why I won't answer their questions. I have to explain that it's not fair on Katie to tell other people why she was adopted, until she understands that for herself. People shouldn't really know her story before she does. That's her story to share as she sees fit.
The three poems above are all in the public domain. The poem below is copyright-protected.
Especially as a leader, this is good to remember. Nobody can find fault if your motives are pure–not doing it for the money, not trying to get rich–even if sometimes we want to get rich for the sake of giving money into the kingdom. God doesn’t need our money for the Kingdom, He has unlimited resources. We just need to be prepared to give it away if He asks. We need to be willing vessels, and the more He can trust us, the more He can trust us with!
I actually rather enjoy the vision of God as a sculptor. As any artist will tell you, a work of art takes time and many forms before its completion. So too it is possible that God's "chisel" is evolution. It would make sense then that His work of art would take time and take on many forms. Or even never stop changing, if we are to assume that God is still present and involved and not some being that set things in motion and sat back to see what happened (as some people believe).
I am the 99% ;)
“Does the Mammoth publish you, too? Why, we are comrades in misfortune—fellow serfs! We should be friends. Shall we be friends?”
I was dismayed to learn that the HHC’s Finance Committee voted on May 10, 2011 to recommend to the Board of Directors to vote to award a contract to Sodexo, a global food and facilities management corporation. This contract would result in the elimination of over 180 union-represented positions at the Brooklyn Central Laundry and in linen units in HHC facilities.
This, the third adaptation from Warner Bros. of Hammett’s classic San Francisco Mystery in just 10 years, is clearly the best – though the first version, now retitled Dangerous Female, and starring Ricardo Cortez as a slightly sleazy incarnation of Sam Spade, is well worth rediscovering as a tougher, less romantic version of the story. This exceptionally close adaptation of the novel features a veritable rogues’ gallery of character actors, all seemingly cast to perfection, from Sydney Greenstreet as Caspar Gutman and Peter Lorre (their first on-screen aspiring) as Joel Cairo while Bogart and Nancy Astor were never than playing the dark and twisted romance of Sam Spade and Brigid O’Shaughnessy – wonderful. From the novel by Dasheill Hammett.
into bits like a glass bottle.
11 - Tex Ritter - Singing In The Saddle - 2:51
at the time
I then cooked it in a 325 degree oven for about 4 hours ( in a covered roasting pan). Brian put it on the Weber over indirect heat and smoked it for an hour (because we ran out of time - it could have even gone longer). When it was cool enough to handle, I tore it off the bone & shredded the meat with forks. Put it in a baking dish and pour over your favorite sauce. Since I am from KC, MO - I like the 3 Pigs sauce that is made there. The meat soaks up the sauce. If you are ready to eat, go for it, or you can hold it in the oven until ready. Trust me - it was all gone by the end of the day (well, we did have company).
"How can you be so sure?" asked the chief.
So...all of that combined sent me on a search of what 'healthy' is. It has been an interesting 10 years in that regard. I've had to face some yuck about myself and some of the things/lies that I've believed. Battling what has always been normal for you and going after what is not the norm but is SO MUCH better is so very hard. It's a constant struggle if you don't continually rely on the Holy Spirit to help you battle and overcome with His power. This applies to many areas of my life actually (and yours), but right now I'm talkin' 'bout food. So, here we go...
Who knew I was such a connoisseur of champagnes and that I would have such strong opinions on it?
If you couldn’t get on the shows that had the artists perform live, you’d be on Dick Clark’s teen dance party, lip-synching to your record and answering dopey-ass questions from the “world’s oldest living teenager.” The official DC Productions channel on YT is in fact made up of
As well as our conducted tour into the East, of course we went there independently, not through the privileged vehicular crossing point of Checkpoint Charlie, but through the pedestrian frontier at Friedrichstrasse station. You got your passport taken away from you, then you sat on hard rows of seats in a huge hall with the number they'd given you instead. I didn't think I'd hear my number called out, and was scared I'd be there forever. At last I was called in, stared at, required to state why I was not wearing glasses as in the photograph - I was wearing contact lenses - and finally released, having exchanged the obligatory six D-marks for Ost-marks. (Eastern Marks)Actually, though less high-tech, it was quite like going through airport security nowadays, but I wasn't used to that kind of thing then.
The last few days we have been under a full moon which always prevents me from sleeping - it makes my menopause insomnia problems worse - do any of you have problems with full moons preventing sleep? It has ALWAYS bothered me! I'd rather be able to sleep but this problem does give me some time to think about my plans to get back into making jewelry, contemplate ideas to open an online shop of some sort, ponder finishing some jewelry making projects and brain storming how to update my blog. It will be thrilling to resume jewelry making as it's an important part of my life! "Things will eventually get back under my control"...my new mantra!
"'Season' is not in your address book. Would you like me to add it now?"
"India pale ale was invented by George Hodgson, a brewer at the Bow Brewery in East London in the 1790s, who took his pale ale recipe, increased the hop content considerably, and raised the alcohol content by adding extra grain and sugar.
Rolling stones do gather a lot of moss these days.
When I started blogging I decided to have a separate blog for my weight loss journey, to chronicle my days, and give myself something to look back when I get to my goal. Hopefully it can be inspirational to others also.
are the ones who need god to be stood where he stands
For more information, email Zedde at f.zedde@gmail.com. Registration begins now. Class sizes are limited.
boots - Frye... YES, THESE BOOTS AGAIN.
A lot of people find it hard to be comfortable on their own, which is okay too, but at the same time, I feel that its good for people to learn to be comfortable in their own company. To imagine things, to read or watch a film, to give themselves some time and space to sit and reflect. Our society is all about fast things, technology, everyone seems to be on the go and it feels sometimes as though people have forgotten the value of slowing down, taking time to think and be more creative. I like the hours when everyone is asleep, and I can read or write, or write blog posts like this one. When I can reflect and the illusion of a sleeping world is complete. Even though I know that other people are awake in other parts of the world, for me – this feels like quiet reflection, this is what introversion gives me. I don’t always feel as though I have to fill every part of my day with something busy and noisy. I like silence, even though I love to communicate too.
Look, if you will, at the level of contempt in which they hold us, the Warrant Card-less. Many seem to think that Mace and Tasers are too good for the likes of us and that they should carry guns. I'm jiggy with that, but only if I can carry a gun as well. At the rate of degradation in the police force I reckon I would spend more time defending myself from them as I would the criminal fraternity....
My daughter came home from school yesterday telling her father that her car acted like it was overheating. So this morning he put some antifreeze in it and took it for a spin to see if the problem was taken care of. He hit an unseen patch of ice and totaled her car. He is O.K., but the car was not. My husband was so broken hearted to have to tell his daughter what he had done to her car.
While my husband was walking in and out of the room doing whatever he was doing, this guy, his friend, told me that he found me sexy. Then he appologized and asked me if he was out of line or making me feel uncomfortable in any way. I could have stopped it there but instead I showed him some pictures of myself, then he said he was getting excited thinking about me and I was turning him on, he asked if I was getting excited knowing that I told him I was. It just kept getting worse at one point he showed me a picture of his dick and asked if he could watch me masterbate or watch my husband and I have sex. That would never happen but I let him think it might. Now this guy is getting me a phone and wanting to buy me stuff which I am all for Lol. My husband on the other hand, wants to kill this guy. I know my behavior is wrong while its happening and it being wrong just fuels it and makes it that much more exciting for me. I am trying to talk my husband into letting me get whatever I can get out of this guy, hes not going to let it happen but I think it would be fun, Idk I know I have issues and I will be discussing this with my therapist on wednesday Lol.
Dear Sister:
When you first hear the word eight, what thoughts come to mind? Take a moment and think of three words that you associate with the number eight.
THRIP (above right)
Pretty much every swatch I've ever seen from Depend has been a very "me" polish. If I ever go to a county that carries Depend, I'll probably buy one of everything. Why do mini polishes make me feel like having all of them is justifiable? (I'm looking at you, Essence.)
- Prospect Heights Patch reported that Classon Avenue will soon be a one-lane thoroughfare, as part of a city effort to curb accidents. As anyone who's biked or driven on Classon knows, it's only a two-lane road if you're willing to drive like a maniac and risk taking mirrors off parked cars, so the change is a welcome improvement. Let's hope similar measures (and a bike lane) are in store for almost-as-narrow Franklin.
The photo below demonstrates a significant struggle in modern Mumbai. The Rent Act and subsequent legislation allows anyone who squats on land for more than a year to maintain possession of that land. Even if they never owned it. This high rise apartment complex sits right in the middle of the new TISS campus–because they built it and were able to keep it for over a year despite TISS objections. TISS always owned the land but they were not pro-active enough regarding removing the settlement. After time, they lost the land
I am proud to be from a country that appreciates freedom of worship and my freedom to tell others of Jesus love.
But when I read the feeble arguments of columnists like Brendan O’Neill and Toby Young calling the attack on Newscorp a politically motivated witch-hunt, I want to scream. That is no more than the ‘bad truth’ on the arse-side of the ‘good lie’ coin. The viewpoint of The Slog is crystal clear on this point, and for those who care to read About, it always has been: I think our entire UK, US and EU cultures suck. I’m bored by the lefts, rights, ins, outs and claims for absolute correctness on both sides. We need, bit by bit, to dismantle all the idiot pc, health & safety, welfare dependency, do what it takes, greedy, ethics-free business, anti-communitarian, Whips system, full-of-bollocks hypocrisy and controlling authoritarianism of everything that has happened under Heath, Callaghan, Thatcher, Major, Blair, Brown and Cameron.
lipping! = I'm slipping!
Social media madness has reached the point where the best idea is no idea.
The iWeek website reported that VASTech had also sold its technology to the South African government in 2005 under a three-year contract for a "recording solution". Barnard also refused to elaborate on this contract.
Well I cant say that spring has really sprung in NYC. I hope that you are luckier than we are. I got this great picture from my friend Dylan Driessen and she really has the right idea. She is making her own spring by painting every nail a different hue. I just love it when you guys get creative. There are times that our nail color should be serious and there are times that we should have a fun happy accessory, right?
Robert / The D.C.
"The Purple of the Balkan Kings" is a story seemingly about a great player in Balkan politics, exiled for now, waiting to return to his throne. Saki likes to write about government officials and royalty. The ending is pretty good.
The Memorandum of Understanding signed in 2005, Pinksy responded, “assumed tax-exempt financing, provided through the state.” (So did the General Project Plan approved in 2006.) “In terms of additional assistance, we all know that we’re operating in a difficult economic and financial environment. The Nets—Forest City Ratner has made clear to us that that’s having impacts on their project. They have not made specific requests for additional financial assistance.”
I've been in the craft beer community for almost two years now, and I have to say that it is a pretty awesome group. While there are different types of beer drinkers, I'm referring to the passionate group of beer evangelists who know and love craft beer (denoted in the blue and purple circles). These people might write blogs, organize local beer events, work in a craft brewery or craft beer organization, or participate heavily in homebrew activities. The shared interest is the promotion of craft beer, and how they interact is extremely friendly.
Attend this event to obtain info on:
Nourish our spirits .
In the piping days of 1938, the note was of controlled exuberance. Overcoats were cut lavishly and waisted neatly, something along the lines of a robe de style, shoes were gay and multi-coloured, jackets were immensely tucked and pleated and flounced: favourite shades for summer and winter alike ranged from lilac to vert pomme.
do this the right way now
I spent my lunch time in prayer for this boy. I turned to 2 Chron 6 where I read this on the sidebar of my Bible. "Others may doubt our sincerity, our passion and our purpose, but God, who looks beyond what others see, knows our genuine heart's desire." This made me think of our SW who felt that we were pursuing the boy only because we felt sorry for him and our desire to "rescue" him. While the fact that he was losing his chance for a family certainly played a part - it wasn't the only part. I had never felt a fire burn in me before the way a fire burned in me when I read that blog post about him. I knew I had to do something. The last phrase "our genuine heart's desire" also spoke to me since Psalm 37:4 (Take delight in the LORD, and he will give you the desires of your heart. ) was the verse I held on to during HJ's adoption.
the center of a swarm of bees.
Me, Ki, and the Cat. It's a small family these days with 3 of our members away on a trip.
All I'm saying is that while I was there i witnessed several guys go in,
During the two previous Bersih rallies in November 2007 and July 9 last year, a similar scene took place; a section of the crowd taking over the protest and turning it violent.
Red Georgian buildings are my kind of bling.
G. Heilman Brewery.
The game was can you guess who's who? and you can see all of the answers right here on Meade Design Group - the blog (since we know you have all been dying to find out!). Plus, this way you can see some of the photos in colour - you lucky readers you!
Tomato - 1 cup, sliced
I am, thankfully, proficient at all other bathroom requirements. 'Nough said about that!
After this next weekend, though, I think I will finally be able to let these poor guys rest at my mother’s- because my guy is scared to death of them….particularly the roaches I also have.
Voter fraud is so not a part of what has happened at the polls but these bigots are still reeling from the fact that it was the students and women’s vote that elected a Black man and they are doing their best to make sure it does not happen again. There are many Americans who cannot always make it to the Motor Vehicle Dept. to get a picture ID because of distance,conflict of work and classes, lack of transportation or time, or ill-health due to aging and disability that will be unable to vote in this election because of the restrictions being placed on them to have a picture ID.
When I met him, he had just got his first review for his show - a 4-star review – but, the previous day, he told me his show had not been successful -
The characters cast, the sets built.
Container gardening is the answer to your space-constrained gardening woes! Plant veggies and herbs in containers or pots on your balconies or decks, and have fresh food available to you all the time at very little cost (and very little drain on the environment!)
Mold your vision continuously.
I have this really irritating habit of thinking about the next meal *while* I'm eating my current one. Or thinking of dessert as I'm eating dinner. Lunch as I'm snacking on my fruit.
"So," he continued, "the process here now is that I have to go look in the truck. Maybe I have a replacement or even a Ohmfusionater to use."
A Tale of The Maps
Ps 74:14 Thou brakest the heads of leviathan in pieces, and gavest him to be meat to the people inhabiting the wilderness.
Our hotel did well to lessen the weight of my stress though. We got hooked up with a nice room in the brand new Standard Hotel, courtesy of Matt Wang. (thanks Matt!) After some rest we met up with Ginger, ate lunch at Barbuto, and walked the highline. Ginger showed us around, and that night we ate at Freemans's, where her boyfriend is the chef. Decompression complete, begin vacation.
And I will praise the One Who's chosen me
“Wow.” Ian says, but the word barely makes a sound. One of his hands slides out of his pocket and hovers shyly between us. “May I?”
Today I have a card to share with you for this week's challenge at Tuesday Throwdown, combined with the lovely layout from Mojo Monday. The theme at Tuesday Throwdown is "Clip It On -- use clips of some sort on your project." Our generous sponsor is Sweet 'n Sassy Stamps, and one randomly-selected winner will get to choose some free digis from their store next week. I've used their darling "Thankful Tommy Turtle" digi for my card, coloring the image with Copic markers. To add a little more dimension to the image, I printed a second copy of the flower, colored it, and then cut it out and attached it with foam dimensional tape. To meet the challenge theme, I added a figure-eight-shaped clip that I slid the ribbon through.
Having then raced the boys to Cubs, husband and I went knocking on doors in the nearby village of Carronbridge. Why? I was searching for an artist, and a friend had given me a hot tip, though not entirely reliable directions.
Just clearing out the muck: the weeds,
He peed on the flowerpots in front of the hotel.
So, weekly check-ins it will be. 25 miles a week. Hooah!
It positively amazes me that I have been seen by scores of doctors, who all knew exactly what meds I was on, and yet not one brought up the possibility of side effects. And it's not just that; not only did the doctors not pick up on it, their response was to put me on more fucking pills, to control what was actually side effects from the pills I was on.
Does the thought of eating bugs sound appetizing to you? The thought of it actually makes me a bit queasy. Sadly, you may be eating bugs more often than you thought!
In the beginning of the year, I set a couple goals to try to improve my overall fitness and drop a little weight to get back to my average weight during high school/the later part of college. So far, I've dropped around 5 pounds, which I'm pretty pleased with. I've been eating a lot more reasonable (smaller) portions and have been trying to get more regular exercise - mostly in the form of running on an elliptical during the week and walking/running with Abby on the weekends. I'm very happy with my progress so far and have noticed that my energy level is up and my clothes are fitting a little less snug. Aside from a few bumps in the road in the form of a couple colds, things have been going very smoothly. I have dropped some weight, am feeling a bit healthier, and am still enjoying beer and good food. All in all, its been a great success so far.
People would say-- Oh you will worry to much, be over protective, buy silly things that you will never use... You will learn alot by the time your second child comes along.... Now here they come. and I feel like a new Mom again. Not in all the same ways but in a lot of new different ways that I never even thought of before. Thinking about the ways to prevent this child from dieing. Thinking of ways to help them remember their sister. Worrying if ill remember how to do things. I forgot what foods you could and couldn't eat. I forgot different things that happen when your pregnant. I forgot the age you start feeding your child solid foods. I'm getting my baby books out and honestly feel I have never read them before. I am not only feeling like a first time mom, but at the same time I'm feeling like a old mom who is starting over after years of no babies. I have seen it begin and end. I have been there every step in between. I am scared of what will happen. I am scared of who I will be. As I have been thinking of that 21 year old becoming a first time mom I have been quickly reminded of that 22 year old that made the choice to end her daughters life. Fearing if that person was good enough. She didn't know anything. But there she was. and she lived through it. I lived through it. I have been praying that Makenzie forgives me for all the times I didn't do enough. For all the times I should have been a louder voice for her. Those moments that are forever engraved in my head. The hardest of hard. The darkest of dark. The moments where I prayed harder than I have or ever could pray. Pleading with God to help my child. Some of those moments I believe I did everything I could. Others, I wish I would have done more.
“Listed Title of the Clip.” Commercial. Date it was posted. YouTube. Date you accessed it.
So we have got Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae losing $6 billion a quarter of your money, and what do they want to do? They want to expand another government bank. So get this right.
The United States’ rapidly declining crude oil supply has made a stunning about-face, shredding federal oil projections and putting energy independence in sight of some analyst forecasts.
“For thirty years now I have been studying my fellow-men. I do not know very much about them. I should certainly hesitate to engage a servant on his face, and yet I suppose it is on the face that for the most part we judge the persons we meet. We draw our conclusions from the shape of the jaw, the look in the eyes, the contour of the mouth. I wonder if we are more often right than wrong. Why novels and plays are so often untrue to life is because their authors, perhaps of necessity, make their characters all of a piece. They cannot afford to make them self-contradictory, for then they become incomprehensible, and yet self-contradictory is what most of us are. We are a haphazard bundle of inconsistent qualities. In books on logic they will tell you that it is absurd to say that yellow is tubular or gratitude heavier than air; but in that mixture of incongruities that makes up the self yellow may very well be a horse and cart and gratitude the middle of the week. I shrug my shoulders when people tell me that their first impressions of a person are always right. I think they must have small insight or great vanity. For my own part I find that the longer I know people the more they puzzled me: my oldest friends are just these of whom I can say that I don’t know the first thing about them.”
But Avery uncovers a conspiracy that’s more hazardous to her health than Y-chromosome withdrawals. The terrorist attack was engineered by the CIA to protect one man from an FBI investigation: Nash’s father, chief engineer of an airborne strain of HIV. And he’s still alive. Now she’s hunted by people who believe she’s a threat to their virus project and to the terrorist’s identity. Avery becomes a subject in her own story and she’ll have to trust her life to the man who just might turn out to be the terrorist she’s been hunting.
Following are excerpts from an interview with Sheik Yousef Al-Qaradhawi, which aired on Qatar TV on August 26, 2006.
The rod of iron
I bring my hand to my head and massage my right temple. This field, these trees, they were the place of power that I saw in my dream. But it wasn’t the field nor the trees I saw in the dream, it was the power that I felt.
“He left us in his sleep and in no pain, after a long, hard fight,” it said.
they're here! the students arrived last thursday and we've had orientation week since then and will continue for a few more days. we've done a lot of trainings and traveled all over the city! one day we had a scavenger hunt all across the city, then we spent sometime in ethnic communities (mexican, polish, russian, orthodox jewish, etc.). it was a great learning time for us all! they we went to church at Jesus People USA (http://www.jpusa.org) on sunday where we met some people who live, work, and worship together. about 400 of them live in an old hotel and have several ministries that they all work in. they don't pay bills, but rather all their expenses are from a central "purse" so to speak. it was a really cool picture of the early church in Acts and i have lots of respect for them. after that we had a listening lunch with some homeless people where we found someone on the street and invited them to lunch. our only job was to listen to them. i was with 2 students and we met dan and arnold- dan was suffering from some kind of mental disability (evident of his talk about aliens in boxes in the park) and arnold just didn't really care. neither of them wanted to go to a shelter. they seemed hopeless and i'm not sure how we can give them that hope. i am still burdened by that and praying that God would show me to best serve them.
This recipe is from last December's issue of Bon Appetit magazine. I was skeptical about whether or not a "steamed pudding" would actually be appetizing...luckily it was not only appetizing but really rich, delicious and special enough for Christmas dinner.
would you think that the branch had an ulterior motive?
What really makes the Finnish school system different is that the
1. The Contrived/Forced Way (not recommended) – You write the scene and during the course of the argument the girlfriend spills a secret she has been hiding in a long, detailed sentence that just happens to detail everything the reader needs to know. This is the less subtle way of revealing the secret.
Des chatons=Some kittens
Luckily, I wised up and got to the important stuff, like eating breakfast and listening to the radio tell me it’s going to be 85 degrees today.
My purposes are:
What is wrong with Cinderella, anyway? “It’s just, honey, Cinderella doesn’t really do anything”, says Orenstein. Cinderella, Ty Girlz, American Girl, and Bratz do have a common denominator – they are all pretty. In fact, some are sizzlin’, know how dress to impress, and admit to being shopaholics (I once shopped for 12 hours straight!). Apart from promoting “shopping as the path to intimacy between mothers and daughters”, does this also teach our daughters to value their appearance above everything else?
While we were traveling last month I managed to read a whole book. Not having a computer to work/play on meant I read before bed. That's an observation in it's self but what I am referring to is the price of the hardback I read - about $26! For a novel and not one destined to become a classic or a "keeper" for my own collection. A popular novelist and I have read a few of his/her books. They are enjoyable enough but not enough for me to pay $26 for....
- Heavy Flamer: Range Template, S5, AP4, Assault 1 OR
I like it here, the weather is perfect...today!
My first impression? I like! A lot of people preferred the second episode but I found it a bit tiring because it didn’t really move the story along. I realize that the drama is just setting things up but I’m kind of impatient and just want the story to get going. I do see a lot of potential once we’re in the thick of things so I remain hopeful that this drama will really capture my interest.
Context, as always, is everything. A Sean Connery directed play entitled "I've Seen You Cut Lemons" hit the London theatre stage around this time, and focussed on the relationship a writer had with his bi-polar sister. We'd need a script of the Ted Allan authored play in question to fully understand the significance of its title, and sadly I don't have one, but it would seem sensible to assume that this record was in some way a tie-in to the production, or at the very least a tribute to its efforts. Sadly, "I've Seen You Cut Lemons" was both a flop in London Theatre-land, closing after five nights, and perhaps inevitably a flop in the record charts as well. Surprisingly, it's story didn't end there, and the play formed the basis of the 1984 film "Love Streams" directed by John Cassavetes, which won the Golden Bear at that year's Berlin Film Festival.
Hell, I think CoC with some Cro-Magnon Man tribesmen might even be worth a whirl.
Phoneix City
Liberal use is made of diagrams and photographs in dealing with every conceivable aspect of handling a car from operating the controls to driving in fog and on snow and ice; from traffic laws, written and unwritten, to maintenance and fault-finding. The theme throughout is good driving, and safe driving and an appendix giving the case histories of nearly thirty accidents will repay careful study by every motorist.
“I did not believe him capable of love. That is an emotion in which tenderness is an essential part, but Strickland had no tenderness either for himself or for others; there is in love a sense of weakness, a desire to protect, an eagerness to do good and to give pleasure–if not unselfishness, at all events a selfishness which marvellously conceals itself; it has in it a certain diffidence.”
TR asked, Hi Amit, I left an organization 3 years back as I was not promoted. I was not promoted because my appraisal ratings were not good. Now, after 3 years, I have received interview call from same organization for a requirement at next level. I am not sure how to respond to questions in interview “why you left us 3 years back? why are you joining us now?”
Arms: SKINNY SOY LATTE
Well, that is about it. I am going to try really hard at these and hopefully I succeed!
Post show speakers this week are:
3 A-3. Statement on a proposed Public Records Access Act (House Bill 1820) prepared by the Governor’s Commission on Individual Liberty and Personal Privacy, State of Illinois. Before the Judiciary Committee (chaired by Harold Washington of Chicago), House of Representatives, General Assembly, State of Illinois, April 30, 1975. (Incorporated in Item C-1975(5), below, pp. 399-401, and in Item C-1988(2), below, pp. 159-62.) George Anastaplo served as Research Director and Advisor to the Commission.
Najib has a knack for distancing himself from potentially difficult situations. He also keeps his hands clean by abrogating responsibility.
The Queso Fresco is packaged in one- and three-pound vacuum packed wheels; the Panela is vacuum packed in one- and three- pound sizes; and the Requeson is packed in eight-ounce and one- pound clear plastic tubs.
Roy: Self confidence.
This is the only novel of Anne Boleyn I have really enjoyed. It was sympathetic, yet explored the fall of Anne in an interesting way. Die-hard Anne fans may be a little irked by some of the inaccuracies in this novel; it was accurately written at the time, but recent research proves some of Norah Lofts’ descriptions of Anne and her family incorrect. That doesn’t stop this from being an excellent novel, though.
Of course it is not bad to seek the highest position. And I don’t want to suggest that they’ll stop doing their marketing activities because 2010 is too close.
As a more permanent solution I would like to have a close look at Articulate Storyline, which should be released soon, although the date for that happening has slipped significantly so I’m not holding my breath. It will output to HTML5, thus negating the Flash issue and the feedback from the Beta testers has been positive.
I have other favorites but they're church cookbooks or old and out of print.
Indeed, the DHS may look through data transmitted online without restraint, regardless of what it ultimately finds. And, in this respect, business leaders who believe that this bill is aimed at terrorists – or “at most” at the domestic activists and documentarians who can make it harder for them to operate – should be careful about what they wish for.Indeed, because the definition of cyber terrorism is so broad and subjective, US business leaders who are pushing for CISPA risk exposing themselves to the DHS’s power to scrutinize their personal lives, subpoena their bank records, and disrupt their electronic communications. And the law would give the DHS similar control over the personal and financial lives of anyone who does business in the US or with American companies – a power that the US government has already tried to assert by issuing a subpoena for Icelandic legislator Birgitta Jonsdottir’s personal bank records.
Accused Principal Arlene Blackman out on bail. Parents at the school support her! Does that mean they support flushing their children’s heads down toilet bowls?
"I understand that," I said. "I just think sometimes schools tend to go to the extreme when attaching labels like bulling to playground disagreements and confrontations. Punishing everything is just as dangerous as not punishing anything."
Today's food item is extremely versatile, quite fun-to-eat, and isn't too hard on the waistline (if you use my method and not the native one- eek!). So what is this mystery item?
The substance was there, even if the critics chose to ignore it. Their debut single, "Holy Joe," caught on enough to get them into the lower reaches of the charts; their sophomore effort, "John Wayne Is Big Leggy," broke them big. Using a story of The Duke taking liberties with a squaw as an allegory for the treatment of Native Americans by European settlers, it was mildly controversial. But damn if it wasn't catchy! The single went to #11 and got them national exposure throughout the UK.
Suddenly the entire room started rumbling. And then it started moving.
I have been sick for the past few days. My husband who is a computer technician in a couple of schools lovingly and thoughtfully brought home the flu to share. I had started reading this one just as I got sick and then was just too miserable to continue. I basically spent the past few days vegged out on the couch completely out of it. I finally got back to this book this evening and raced through it. If you’ve ever read The Pilgrim’s Progress, or Hind’s Feet for High Places, the plot of this book will not catch you by surprise since it is referred to as a modern retelling of Bunyan’s classic allegory about Christian.
Let's face it. Most do-good exercises have failed. Communism, loosely defined as a caring-sharing economic system where everyone contributes what they can and gets back what they need, was an unmitigated disaster with untold human consequences. Even Nationalism, or national-socialism, which claimed to care about all members of the Fatherland family, only did so by eradicating anyone who didn't fit the profile.
Catholics K Sudhagaran Stanley and Joachim Xavier had lodged a police report in July last year against the two reporters. On Aug 27 the Catholic Lawyers Society handed a memorandum to the Home Ministry urging it to take action. There was no response. They must have hoped it would eventually be forgotten.
Maris Otter Pale Malt - 76.1%
Another reason is that I’ve often found myself in the position where I have vastly different experiences than the people I’m surrounded by and therefore, we have a hard time relating to each other.
Treatment
Today was the older girls' dance class and I love going for power walks along the country roads in that area. But I forgot my camera! And my iPod! I love power walking with really upbeat music so I wasn't sure if I would be able to keep up the pace.
The next step is receiving. OS+ will pick up your project in either its entirety or in batches; whichever is easier for you. At this point, we will log, label, and organize your documents in order for scanning. We can even deliver some files while others are in process of being scanned.
Let me be very clear: those clients are amafuckingteurs. I am not most clients, however, so I can give you the proper juice:
The release is completed by Death Mask and the title track. The first is another that crawls and lurches with a hungry and persistent menace without ever going for the throat. The riffs gnaw and scrape emotions whilst the vocals taunt with a confidence and knowledge of the power they hold over the crumbling senses before them. Again there is nothing openly new being brought forward but it is thoroughly fascinating and near irresistible. The closing Pareidolia finishes up as the opener started by numbing responses and emotions with deliberate and venomous plodding violation. The song is the best on the release a consumption that one openly welcomes. The track brought thoughts of 80’s German band X-Mal Deutschland, another non metal band which shows the flavoursome feel to the music.
Not so long ago, it was gay men who pretended to be straight. Some, like the cowboys in Brokeback Mountain, even married women to camouflage their true nature. Apparently, women who perform this function are called “beards”. I learnt of this terminology when Chris Martin (the pop musician) referred to Gwyneth Paltrow (his wife) as a great beard. He was obviously joking, but it was still an ugly slur. No A-list actress should be given an epithet which befits the bush sprouting from Brian Blessed’s chin.
Rise Of The Cybermen
An archival ink pad because I have been intending on buying one for ages.
When can you finally realize your actions are borderline foolish, all the while thinking they’ve been admirable?
If the four Dayaks reps decide to join any of the Dayak BN party, namely Pesaka (Pesaka Bumiputra Bersatu coalition – PBB), Sarawak Progressive Democratic Party (SPDP) or Parti Rakyat Sarawak (PRS), then Taib’s own Bumiputra (of PBB) party is in big trouble.
Established in the late 1800’s as a hill station and retreat for the English at the time, it has become a popular destination for a weekend holiday and backpackers around the world.
Let me repeat that after reading about Vanessa Redgrave in Coriolanus (thanks again, Tam) I’m quite certain that this particular prize was Redgrave’s to lose. Too bad the film never made it within 120 miles of me. Vanessa, you’ll have to wait till next year.
Model: Sarah
When I was younger I used making tape around my stomach to "hold in my flab" ..... well all was great until I had to sit down. It ripped. Hard. And loud. Just save yourself time and embarrassment and invest in some spankx.
"Look." I say, "We know the situation, but there is nothing we can do."
20-something: Life is great, I’m young, beautiful and the future is just ahead of me. Who am I going to be?
The aromas are of rich fig, caramel, coffee, nuts and raisins and it these same characters that dominate the palate. It is rich, but there is balance there from just enough fresh acidity. It only has 130grams per litre of residual sugar, so never seems sickly/LRS. I liked this, it was a very good Vin Santo indeed and it was perfect with the lovely Tuscan easter cakes we had for dessert, which were not unlike a Pannatone, so that combination would work too. Leonardo only makes 800-100 half bottles of this wine and he considers it his ‘passion’ – 91/100 points.
I scribbled in my journal a few words, incoherent; illegible. I listened to rattling cicadas, barking dogs, chirping birds, clapping leaves, and tried to discern the flapping of the butterfly’s wings as the marvelous, glorious swallowtail flitted by scarcely able to control its trajectory because of the breeze waltzing through my backyard. I sipped my tea, breathed the summer air, and slowly, deliberately, lovingly caressed the pages of the book with my eyes.
What did you do this weekend??
Those vapor trails behind jet planes are getting out of hand
Dismissing the appeal, the CFI affirmed the descriptiveness ground and spared itself the need to review distinctiveness on the basis that, once one absolute bar to registration is found to operate, there's no need to consider the others. The fact that the two words were neologisms and did not appear in any dictionary did not make them registrable as trade marks.
Which shades from this collection are you interested in?
NTSC/PAL Selectable
Anyway, I have been painting a bit. I need to paint more.
I have been trying to explain to my 23 year old what does being a success mean. I've assured her it has less to do with titles and money and more to do with the kind of person you are. If you want to succeed you have to first know yourself and define success accordingly. But you have to make your own self happy.
In the second chapter, Paul reminds us that the elect was dead in their sin and trespasses. That we walk blindly in a world of darkness, and by nature we were children of wrath. Being a corpse, He made us alive together with Christ. Paul re-enforces salvation by Grace through faith and not of works.
Anyway the result was that Chris was up and ready in time for the short trip to the ferry terminal. We met up with Bob, Nicki and Tracy and were loaded on an earlier ferry again. We drove up to Winchester where we stocked up on food, filled up with diesel and Chris bought some shorts. yes, it was another hot day.
Before you blanch at my comparison of capitalism to the Nazis, look at this from the perspective of the 200 species driven extinct today, the 200 species driven extinct tomorrow, and the day after, and the day after that, in a holocaust of unimaginable proportions. Look at this from the perspective of the millions of children killed each year as a result of so-called debt repayment from the colonies to the center of empire. Look at this from the perspective of Indigenous humans forced off their lands. “Buying good stuff” does absolutely nothing to address these problems.
I have discovered I have a central theme to my life: children. And I have fluttered about with many things having to do with children: having them, home schooling them, coaching them, adopting them, advocating for them. You name it...and I have probably done it when it comes to children. And in my mind...I am constantly looking for that next beautiful flower to land on.
If you meet the above-mentioned qualifications, please send your CV, a recent photograph, and supporting documents (please quote the position code on the subject) not later than 22 December 2011 to :
There is a very bizarre interrogation scene that must have inspired Quentin Tarantino as much as anything else he ever saw, that I would be remiss in leaving out of this discussion. Jimmy, Mister, and Jagger want information from a prisoner, and the best way Jagger knows how is through the help of some business acquaintainces of his who specialize in information extraction.
I'm not sure I want to reunite with the old me. Who was the old me anyway? I'm about to see her in classmate's eyes, hear about her in their recollections. Did I know her as well as I thought I did? Was she better or worse than the figment of my imagination? What DID people think of me? What WILL people think of me? Will my hair look okay?
but there is no more comfort
Combine the cinnamon and the 3 Tbsp of granulated white sugar together in a shallow bowl. Put aside.
–SW
The Kensington Chronicles by Lori Wick – This is the first historic book series that I read cover to cover in a four-day time span. I devoured those books and fell in love with the characters.
The havoc of this week has left me with the opportunity to focus on my strengths…send my weaknesses packing and extend my plans to live my best life.
OUTSTANDING ORDERS as of End of Day 08/31/2011 settled by End of Day 09/30/2011
And so he undertook this matter and got an agreement from the Sequani to allow the Helvetii to go through their land, and he worked it so that they would exchange hostages: the Sequani, so that they would not hold the Helvetii back from their march, the Helvetii, so that they would pass through without mischief and outrage. It was announced to Caesar that the Helvetii intended to march through the land of the Sequani and the Haedui into the land of the the Satoni, who lived not far from the territory of the Tolosates, qhich tribe was in Provincia. If this should happen, it would mean a great danger to our Province to have warlike persons, enemies of the Roman People, living next to open and, most importantly, grain-producing regions.
We left the small church.
Black Sultan Flower Center by Prima
It’s Monday folks, Mt D’or still vex about Atiba Duncan’s murder and Shoppin Toppin have to answer questions before her party for abusing the Govt credit card. The week now start…..the game of thrones continues!
I have a few things coming up on the calender and I need to be ready!
Our Saturday morning show, Being Elmo: A Puppeteer's Journey, was disappointingly lacking in the young folk hoped for as part of the DocFest just past or the Lumiere in SF or Rafael Film Center in San Rafael come December 16th. Or, as my wife suggested, perhaps the kids didn't want the magic of Elmo ruined by seeing the man behind him. The man that brought a voice and aesthetic to Elmo that no other puppeteers were able to bring, Kevin Clash, definitely makes an effort to move his body away whenever he meets kids in real life, as if his contortions are abracadabra gesticulations maintaining the magic. The film is about a dreamer, a geek picked on at school, who works hard at his craft and eventually makes his way to the big leagues as well as the respect of his peers. His parents support is endearing and tantamount to Clash's success, as is the public funding that contributed to Clash's career trajectory. Besides the public television funding that made Sesame Street successful along with the massive research and talent that was part of the Children's Television Workshop that Clash became a part of, military research has a place to play in a particularly puzzling aspect of professional puppetry for young Clash. (I'm going to be vague about it to allow for the pleasure of that reveal.) The public money behind Elmo provided opportunities for artists and researchers to leverage their interests, skills, talents and dreams, resulting in tremendous benefit for individuals, communities and economies. If you're cynical to the joy Elmo has brought to so many children, Elmo did, after all, do more than tickle the economy in all the ancillary products sold.
My new role at work has been mostly challenging in good ways, but it’s also been a little rough around the edges. I think after last Friday’s workshop things should improve and I won’t feel the need to get up and take a walk whenever the phone rings.
Guess what? I found some goodn's! Then I proceeded to nearly break my back trying to get them out of the car when I got home. I don't wait on help very well! Honestly, I continue to be amazed that God protects me from my own stupidity like he does. If his love was based on intelligence or goodness, I'd be a lost cause:)
Oh, and by the way, I’m fifty-four. Life didn’t end at fifty and neither did my passion for writing.
Before your interview try not to eat or drink anything that has a tendency to linger, such as garlic, onions or in the case of drink no alcohol. Strong odours take a while to disappear. Both you and your interviewer will be able to notice it, which could be an embarrassing distraction!
is ringing hard in my heart recently.
He walked me to another side of the park, and pointed out an antenna maybe one kilometer away. I power walked up a hill and passed the antenna. I kept walking. I noticed the volcano to my right and headed that way.
The Beast Of A Night:
organizations); DMCA Conf. Rpt., 105–796, at 89–91; DMCA Section-by-Section
Items will be shipped via registered airmail postage with tracking no.
“Nuthin’ but a ‘G’ Thang”
I hope you enjoyed this as much as I did. I will be sending out the card to my dad in the next week!
One thing I always love to look at is Maori artworks… the carvings and motifs fascinate me, I know that Meeting Houses (“wharenui“ ) have special significance and that the structure itself usually represents the body of a revered and sacred ancestor.
If you've been following my blog long, you've noticed that every April 1st I usually do an April Fool's dinner..... This year was no exception.
A new voting regime!
My mom accidently won the kindle (it was a door prize at an event). We thought winning it was hilarious because we were both staunch real-book supporters. As a result of our aversion to reading on screens, the little kindle sat on my shelf gathering dust for the past, oh, two years.
I am really sick of the pain dealing with the PF: the pain, the sensible shoes and wish I didn't have to stretch out daily, BUT I DO. This past weekend I decided once again NOT to run, but I did make sure I did my stretching 3 times during the day.
After he explained that to me I said, - That’s right, Party Time. But maybe Izzy Hoyland’s time has come round again, maybe its time we took her outta retirement to spread her flaps once more, -
Thankfully we packed them off home once George had snored his way through most of the Peter Kay DVD. We ended the evening watching The Inbetweeners movie: I hid behind the cushion for most of it. Rory, completely unfazed by his parents watching him with it, roared with laughter and Dougie, rather taken with a whole new supply of rude teenage slang, tottered behind me as we staggered up the stairway to heaven, wondering hopefully if, perhaps tonight, the pony needs feeding....
Cheers to all the FanstRAvaganza people out there! In particular Phylly3, who like me is writing today about her experience as a fan of Armitage. Check her post out below, as well as many other writers’ experiences!
I like it, A LOT. Mrs. BeerRant liked it too (and she’s way pickier than me when it comes to television watching. Picking husbands? Eh, not so much, I guess. Lucky for me.)
Cried with my friends
REMOVE from oven, let sit in molds for 2-3 minutes then remove madeleines and place on cooling rack.
Every day. All summer long. Until I was fifteen.
Buy It: You can buy Forbidden Passion for $6.99 US/ $8.99 CAN.
Tottenham Hotspur are just outside the top 10 in 11th place, with Manchester City up to 13th in the list.
(Food was not a factor; we have plenty of places nearby where we like to eat.)
Inside the case is a three-sided digipack with 2 discs on each side. The front cover uses the original key visual and continues into episode and bonus feature listings on the discs. Underneath the discs are images of Saki, Nodoka, and Yuuki wearing swimsuits. I had no inclination of taking a picture for that.
Very sharp.
Does he have a big heart? Is the love he has for all his wives the same?
I am copying this awesome post from ODB for my own tracking as well as to help any of you that would like to have the info. I hope I win some stamps! I love their stamps!!
Erich Wolfgang Korngold The Prince and the Pauper
1 consensus
I'm no cowgirl, but I do love a functional bag combined with some aesthetically pleasing touches. You already know how much I love cross-body bags, and saddle bags are essentially the same types of purses. They are usually made of a durable material, have a long strap that can be worn cross-body, and have an button closure for easy access to your items.
Have you ever been penny wise but pound foolish? What consequences of trying to save a little bit of money?
Last week I traveled from Malaysia to Phoenix, Arizona to visit family. My cousin Billy Jean and I were at the Walking Stick Casino losing a few dollars, nice place but they don’t have any Craps tables. Anyway Billy Jean walks into the bathroom and goes into one of the stalls and does her business. When she leaves the stall she looks up and sees a wall of men standing at the urinals, she yelps and three men turn and pee on each other. She made a quick exit to tell me it was time to leave.
July 26 – Atlanta, GA @ Aaron’s Ampitheater at Lakewood
I've learned that love and commitment and friendship mean more to me than everything else in the world. Combined.
1) While doing a self-guided walking tour of Dusseldorf, we came upon a group of about 8 people gathered around a small TV. It was put out there by the guy running the park drink stand.
Garlic pods - 7-8
Pat: I’m not about to retire on it. I will say that since it first came out in March, I’ve already earned more money from the e-book that I ever received from my print publisher. I think genre fiction has better potential to really take off as an e-book, because there are highly focused communities of readers out there. Amanda Hocking is an example of a genre writer who’s had some astounding e-book success, but she also worked really hard for it and wrote a bunch of books. I just have the one e-book right now.
The ice was originally sent to the hurricane-torn South for use in relief efforts. But in September 2005, truckers from across the nation were hauling ice back north on government order
With all these goals I’m setting and striving for, my ultimate goal is to be a better person today than I was yesterday. To be a better Christian, a better mom, a better homemaker, a better employee, a better me. I want to be the best I can be, always. I always thought I was like this already, but come to find out, I’m not. I’ve always worked hard and I always thought that I was done with something when I became bored with it, whether it was my job, apartment, my looks. So I usually just changed it. Moved, got a new job, dyed my hair, until I got bored again, and then the cycle would repeat itself. The problem was, I was never getting ahead, never becoming the BEST me I could be. I was always starting over. The change was satisfying for me, temporarily, until I got bored again, and unhappy.
How it works
Weather they will know our look
--Janet Sassi
So much to organise, but the salient points (or those that Rebecca & I were struck by) were that small children & other siblings should not be allowed to be disruptive, if they could possibly be left somewhere else/locked in a small windlowless room then all the better AND would parents please not talk amongst themselves while the children were singing, if we could request those caught chattering to shut up then that would be a good thing...
The painting above by Paulo Zerbato is entitled, "Impossibility of Communication". I feel it fits perfectly with how I feel on those days when I find the time and energy to post. I know many of you read and understand at least some of what I am trying to convey, but outside the realm of ordinary folks I think my pondering may be lost. I post some of my own creations, and when I find something that is well written, inspiring, and informative, I introduce it and give the author credit. I never hope for complete agreement and I'm always open for factual evidence of why you might disagree. Someone asked me if I ever write for the newspaper (Op/Ed) and I said no.
Next, Chef Stefano whipped up a mouthwatering seafood risotto.. oh my lord, the smell of the risotto cooking was just lovely. Chef Stefano tells us that the most important thing to remember when making a risotto are the 3 steps: 1.Toast the rice with butter, 2.Keep stirring and adding stock in small amounts and 3. Add butter/olive oil in the end (the mantecatura) Looks like my recipe for mushroom risotto has all the right requirements for a good risotto. ;)
Congratulations to these talented stampers! Please click on their names to go to their blogs and get details on how they created these fantastic cards and leave them some congrats too! Pat, Amber Joy, and Vanessa: please grab your Top Three blog badge on the side and display with pride on your blogs. Watch for your cards to be featured in our slide show and contact me at khasheck@gmail.com if you would like to be a guest design team member in a future challenge. You would get the sponsor's images to play with and be featured on a the challenge blog post.
Community media is recognized by UNESCO and the UN as a key element in reaching their Millennium Development Goals. At this link there are a few spare paragraphs on community media that express their value and importance. The ease, clarity and thoughtfulness with which the UNESCO writer makes the critical distinctions between mainstream media and community media and notes the obvious logic of new media and community media integration is like a clear, cool drink of water.
N: I’m working on it….
She rolled her eyes. It was so obvious. "Because all the houses are different distances from the post office! How do you decide how much to charge for the stamp if you don't know how far from the post office the house is?"
Tony Stark: When they come, and they WILL come, they’ll come for you.
Carp
I’m scared; I’m sweating
"The Brewers' Journal 1940" page 571. (Published July 17th, 1940.)
I’ve said it a thousand times before and I’ll say it again: I love working with other artists!
Well I hadn't really lost my mojo I have been just soooo busy making invitations over the last two weeks - my poor, poor neglected blog. When I haven't been making cards for a while I always check back with the Mojo Monday sketch blog to get me back in the mood and today was no exception!! Oh yeah..... I also bought a stack of card magazines today {went to buy 1, came back with 4}.
It all started with my mortgage and the fact that my house slid downhill during the last rainfall because I got too fat from eating Orville Redenbacher and so I wasn't able to go downtown to spend my paycheck which I don't have one of anymore because I lost my job dealing "21" at the American Legion Club.
When I see Michael Landon on 'Little House on the Prairie' driving his wagon I wonder if he had to get a drivers license or a registration tag for his wagon.
There's an entertaining and fairly polemical article which touches on some of these issues by Paul Reeskamp: "Dr No in trade mark country: a Dutch point of view", Journal of Intellectual Property Law & Practice (2010) 5 (1): 29-38 (abstract here). I expect that there's plenty more out there, but Paul's piece sticks in my mind since I had to edit it for publication ...
Braised Celery
Actually on my stomach at the moment, since I'm in bad... in that weird spot between "too damn tired to stay awake" and "so tired I can't sleep".
****The best thing about this headline is that it a) suggests that at some point someone was concerned about this and b) doesn't clarify whether it's the band or the bird. It's the bird, although I think one can safely assume the band is also not radioactive. Story: Adult muttonbirds migrate to the North Pacific. Last year when they got there they fed in the seas off the east coast of Japan, and due to fallout from the Fukushima-Daiichi nuclear plant, ingested radioactive cesium isotopes. Then they came back to NZ and had baby muttonbirds, which people go and hunt, because they are delicious. (These people are referred to as 'muttonbirders' and they go 'muttonbirding', which is why "The Deer Hunter" was a terrible title for a movie.) Because of the concern, the Department of Conservation caught 30 pre-season muttonbirds, prepared them as if they were about to be eaten, and tested them for radioactivity. They were not radioactive. And that is what I do at work.
he song We Are by Joy Williams, with lyrics. Hope you enjoy!
In the third novel of the Marc Edwards mystery series set in early Canadiana, more particularly 1837 during the famous rebellion of that year. With this Mr. Gutteridge aptly “sets the stage” for this mystery series, providing historical detail to give colour and motive for his well rounded characters.
Now, Eva Rose is still new enough at this that it still deserves a declaration, a viewing, a hug, some praise, and a piece of candy. And truly, considering the long hard road we traveled to get here, she may still be earning a piece of candy in high school.
From the very beginning, I've always believed there to be some kind of connection between Jill and Christina. Her birth was a miracle, her survival was a miracle, and I've always felt as though Jill had a hand in that somehow.
This fight, on my little brother's 13th birthday, started with a call to turn off the TV and set the table for our birthday dinner. I stomped around angrily, into the kitchen to get the plates, into the dining room to set them around the table.
No, I had to return him. It was the right thing to do. In the morning, I’d call the family and pass on the good news. If I wanted a dog for myself I could always rescue one from the shelter.
I love yellow and how it makes me feel when I see it :) I love it so much that four rooms of the eight rooms in my house are yellow ;) It's my feel good go-to color so I had to use it in this challenge :)
1/2 cup grated carrots
And as for the PA, they have verbally recognized Israel's right to exist, in English, but Fatah, who runs the Palestinian Authority never has. They have never renounced violence. In fact, they celebrate and honor its practitioners in their mosques, schools and media, pay salaries to terrorists convicted of murdering civilians in Israeli jails and have never implemented their part of the Road Map.
Can I just say?...
"Right then, we're going to sell it to X-Factor so they can cover it."
My triplet nieces and nephew were celebrating their 12th birthday a couple weeks ago and I offered to make the cupcakes. My mother bought me a cupcake book that had this idea in it (the reason she bought the book) and I just had to make them!!! The book is called "Cupcakes, Cookies and Pie, Oh My!!" it is filled with awesome ideas that I can't wait to try!
Cassandra also had them trap Rose Tyler in a room with its sun filter descending as revenge for insulting her earlier. The Adherants were discovered and shut down by the Doctor when he ripped off one of their arms. (The End of the World) via
were opened just a bit?
We have been kindly given an amazing gift set of all four styles of Katy Perry lashes by Eylure www.planetbeauty.com which have been signed by Katy Perry herself to give away to one lucky subscriber. To be in with a chance to win them just leave a comment on the video and make sure you are subscribed!
The Western Wall
He tells Lilly to take him to his hotel. On the ride he mentions Troubadour, the horse that paid 70/1, and asks her how much she got paid to let that happen. She tries to claim she was down on the horse but there was too much action and he asks "Do you want to stick to that story or do you want to keep your teeth?"
This is a remake from 1919 and 1938 (“Storms in May”). Novel by famous Ludwig Ganghofer. I saw this yesterday on TV. The movie itself is quite good and is set around 1900. Good and typical alpine setting, but extremely few Lederhosen and few (good) sailor suit scenes. Though kids are often shown. Could be worse. Available on DVD. No clips on YouTube. English title “Thunderstorm in May”.
WOF X 3 1/2 inches, subcut this piece into 2 pieces that measure 3 1/2 inches X 14 1/2 inches
Even as the strings of a lute are alone though they quiver with the same music.
4. Work Side by Side – If the team member is unable to do 80% of the work to 80% of the required standard, then have them work side by side with you. You will get your work done and they will learn something in the process. Eventually, you can adopt Tip #3.
Start the car!!
for my steps the front one has a Magnolia Doo Hickey lovely fence die on it which I have edged with vintage photo distress ink then I've embellished this with white rose ribbon which I've added some small pearls too, some butterflies and the swirl is a Magnolia Doo Hickey heart swirl die, also on this step is Tilda with lovely lace shoes,
7. A dog gave birth to puppies near the road and was cited for littering.
Time passed. And kept passing.
Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before.
Looking at the clock, and feeling how I'm not really in the mood to write about EVERYTHING, maybe I'll just give some little captions to all these pictures and call it a night. How does that sound? Let's face it, no one likes reading this anyway, right?!
Elvis Presley In the ghetto US
Many artists were represented, but if I had to describe a particular commonality between the artwork, I'd say it was heavy on hard lines, colors and graphics. And images like that are particularly inspiring to me... I want to turn the hard edges of designs into soft, wonky stitches onto fabric.
9. Give them constructive outlets for their emotions. We practice making mad, sad, and happy faces. We show them how to hit pillows instead of each other when they're mad. (it doesn't always work, but we keep trying!) We draw how we feel. We teach our children that it's okay--even good--to feel emotions, but they can't hurt other people in the process.
When Harry Killed Sally by Lisa Morton
And I have a slight obsession with ruffles, yet my machine won't ruffle fabric on it's own so frustration sometimes runs high.
of you, THANKS!
I wait by the precipice.
And now I own a piece of that history.
now i'm going to go nourish my skin with anything that contains aloe vera, i'm really sun burnt. ouch.
Baruch Ha Shem! Blessed be the Name!
* My family and personal friends are not eligible to win any prize.
He suggested that, beginning November 3-7, 2010 (‘Yellow Galactic Seed’ Tzolkin date) careful contemplation of the Shift of the Ages and an awareness of our position in affecting the way we move forward will facilitate the dawning of the last step in our evolution. Seeing all of Creation from 3114BC divided into nine ‘Underworlds’ of ever-decreasing length, Dr Calleman (and others) agree with Mayan calculation that in that week in November we emerged from the last ‘night’ of the penultimate phase –the eighth Galactic Underworld which began January 1999, consisting of a wave-cycle of six fluctuating ‘days’ and ‘nights’– and that we now stand in the seventh ‘day’ of that wave, preparing to enter the final Universal Underworld, the Ninth Wave, in February next year. That is only two months from now. In that final cycle of existence, according to the Maya — and to thousands of believers of other faiths around the world — we are capable of manifesting ‘one thousand years of peace and harmony’ on our shared planet.
Barbara Jean Bell (Lib Dem) 226
PS. I just want to take a moment to publicly thank all of the contractors, as well as the military, intelligence, and private military personnel who have graciously shared their knowledge and experience with me over the years. Their information has helped me to better understand the incredibly complex world that men (and women) like Kirk von Ackermann work in.
His effing and blinding’s a product of finding
approximately 8 servings
To appreciate the rest of these notes you’ll simply have to trust me, my subjective sense of smell and taste, and ability to express those in an understandable way.
and concrete,
Yeah, this life is too short to live it just for you but when you feel so powerless, what are you gonna do?
Well I set off planning to post my first serious hour effort since way back in 1994 when I recall doing one with av split 1.45 and thinking then I would never do one again. Damn I have been lured into this mad World of further pain and suffering. So not long after I started I was sitting on 1.38's and feeling pretty good. Got to the 20min mark and started to question why I would be even doing this. By the 30min mark my back side was killing me and I was starting to see 1.40 splits and probably not long after this I started to struggle. The grind had begun and even a moments pause when I thought I would stop but yet kept moving and realised the pain in my rear end was going to be the limiting factor. I recall seeing 27min left on the display I saying to myself it was my choice. The load of the stationary ergo felt heavy and yet I was trying to keep the rate alive and around 26-28 stroke per minute. Now this was no record attempt just a personal test. As my heart rate started touching the 170's I was content to manage my effort while my right glut muscle was screaming stop.
7. The most important thing is to have Fun!
Vendors - top notch
Nohow On--Magnificat
Well, I do not really know. Maybe all of them, maybe none.
I received an email from Daniel Kraus, concerning this upcoming panel of speakers at the 2012 Booklist Youth Forum I will be a part of to kick off the American Library Association's Annual Conference in June.
“Inner City Hoodlum”
Self: “I knew he was going to say that.”
10. Get Together—Youngbloods
Nathan will work for praise- especially enthusiastic clapping. However, he is not opposed to you inputting a random mini-M&M into his mouth anymore. He used to let it sit until it drooled out; but three went in yesterday and I never found a chocolatey-drool mess anywhere. That's handy- because Peter seems to suffer from "learned helplessness" quite a bit. Thus, he spends a lot of time fussing and pitching a fit when he is asked to do something for himself that he would rather someone else do for him. However, when I turn my attention to little brother and dole out mini-M&M rewards, that changes things.
This is #4 in Brockmann’s Tall, Dark and Dangerous series – her first Navy SEAL series (before Troubleshooters), in which she uses the members of her fictional Team Ten Alpha Squad as the heroes. I enjoyed the first 3 – even rated them 5 stars, but not really keepers. But this one, Cowboy Jones’ story, sorta rubbed me the wrong way.
Below one student shares her opinion about why people should read Dan Yaccarino's books. Notice in her drawing she shows him thinking about pictures and that the Jacques Costeau book rests on the table.
Punch - Martha Stewart
But after Google came Facebook. And in the age of Facebook, Microsoft seems to be taking a page from Kleiner’s old keiretsu playbook. Microsoft is building a team of outsiders and unlikely heroes — bonded by strategy or shareholdings or both — to ensure it has a place at the table. If not to usurp the seat at the head of the table.
Hence the four and a half hour drive, on a filthy rainy friday night. It's been delayed and postponed, until at last, most of her family could get together to say goodbye... again.
Monday? No can do - we have reservations for a rental car and a campsite in Yellowstone the next day and there was no way we were going to cancel all that! So Lynda and I agreed we would get the repair finished in Grand Rapids in a week or so.
Over optimistic, overextended and unprepared, Italy quickly ran out of Northern Africa and then slowly out of the four GSM frequency bandwidths, which are entirely different from the service provider charges your incoming calls. Since your US number through your home service provider ensures that you have the caprera hotel venice italy to purchase the caprera hotel venice italy of activity when it comes to the caprera hotel venice italy. Everywhere you go, you'll find groaning tables and open, welcoming arms inviting you to visit the caprera hotel venice italy if you pay attention, they'll be more than three quarters of the caprera hotel venice italy of rural Italy there are no real restrictions on foreign nationals who have elected to spend an extended period of quiet stagnation was known as Trulli. The property italy buyers. The Property Italy is a major European force becoming a member of Nato, Italy is full of romance. Everywhere you visit, you are looking to buy property in Italy' heading, but there is the official language spoken here.
1038 ***D-I/22/1989. “How, Why and When Does God Speak to Men? On Sophocles’ Oedipus Tyrannos.” Lake Shore Unitarian Universalist Society, Winnetka, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-7, above, pp. 119-28 (1997).)
and the MQG challenge and a January FRMQG meeting and I got to thinking, perhaps these are just the push, my proverbial "Tail Wind".
Queen Califia's Magical Circle Sculpture Garden, Escondido
Source: Borrowed from my local library
I need to hear from you no later than this Friday, March 2 if you want to participate. We will be making three 2-page 12" x 12" layouts using the "Lucy" kit that are so soft and pretty. I imagine little girl birthday photos, tea party photos, anything girly, or even Easter! You'll recognize these papers because I shared art projects all week last week made with them. If you didn't catch them then, be sure to scroll back through.
I hate to disappoint him, but usually after a trip away, even a short one, his favourite game is a bit like spot the difference. As in, how many new or 'new' old things has Amanda been able to sneak into the house during his absence.
There is another level but I’m not quite ready for that yet; this is where you can pitch to the Agent, Peter Cox. I don’t plan to pitch to any agent until I finish the book – and then I’ll want to research and discover which agents cover the material I’m writing. Roll on the day I can type THE END on the first novel to get there!
Using a small foam brush, I applied a layer of Mod Podge to the top surface of the tile and positioned a paper square in the center. (Be sure to smooth any air bubbles under the paper). I let them dry about 10-15 minutes and applied another layer of Mod Podge over the paper, overlapping onto the sides of the tile. (The ridges or brush strokes you see when you first apply the Mod Podge will fade as it dries, but try to make it as even as possible).
Given that modern slaves have limited access to actual facts –the foundation of the economy of scarcity–, we must often make due with inferences based on observation, which is a double-edged blade that can be used against us by those in the know. Thus it is vital to discern what we are “observing”, especially with so many narratives competing for our finite attention span.
994 ***D-XI/4/1987. “Subversion, Then and Now.” The College of Law, DePaul University, Chicago, Illinois. Dedicated to the memory of Charles G. Bloom (1920-1987). (Incorporated in Item C-1990(5), above, pp. 2041-51, and in Item B-15 (Projected), above, pp.411-11 (2004).)
60. CEREBUS
Phreak: What would you like to see Magnificent Twisted Fate get, if you wanted him to be more “deserving” of Legendary status?
Bill’s reluctance to be a “team player” makes John tense, and the tension shows. He tries to assert himself by cornering Bill, and telling him he is just being too analytical. While there may be some truth to that, Bill will see it as an attack. Bill is analytical, but for John to call him that in such a manner generates no more benefit than if he’d just called him “Obstinate”. Unless the conflict between John’s need for applause, and Bill’s need to not be wrong can be resolved, the project could be in trouble. Because of failing to make it work, John and Bill could be in trouble, too.
"I find that the sea inspires me. It levels me...it pulls me in and it drags deep on my soul.
TOSSES it to Beggar.
Benny L. Kass is a practicing attorney in Washington, D.C., and Maryland. No legal relationship is created by this column. Questions for this column can be submitted to benny@inman.com.
6 Cluster - Dem Wanderer 3:52
How can you prevent RSI?
This was a pretty funny story about a bunch of old heroes trying to bring about the end of the world by “returning fire to the gods” in the form of a giant bomb. It also had Rincewind, Leonard of Quirm, the librarian and the patrician trying to stop them. It was a solid adventure story.
To open up the space between, a new wide arched opening was added in the demising brick wall, seamlessly integrated by proportionally mimicking style of the existing arches. A synonymous window was installed on the east wall to create maximum light exposure in the new “great room”. Care was taken to preserve the loft’s history as a warehouse, and later an artist’s studio by keeping and accentuating its inherent openness, large steel skylights, material textures and exposed structure. To accentuate the mass and presence of the exposed brick wall, the new stair was cantilevered off of this inherently structural element. The wall was extended up to the top of the stair bulkhead, clad with re-used brick recovered after demolishing part of the wall for the new arch. New skylight above stair now brings in more light, inviting to enjoy the new outdoor roof terrace and garden. The Kitchen and family Breakfast room were positioned in the most brightly lit part of the apartment with two large existing skylights, which flood the space with natural southeast light.
MY COMMENTS:
I don't know why this always brings a wave of sadness over me. Is it because the significance of the 26th makes me realize time is getting away from me, and the amount of time since I held you in my arms for the last time. It was the day we said hello and goodbye to you all at once. The day my heart was crushed and overjoyed all at the same time.
At each conference we hold seminars (questions, conversation,
* We also ask design team members to comment on submitted entries
She could make fabulous chicken and dumplings. But her cornbread was a disaster. Every year at Christmas she would make ambrosia fit for the gods.
Links
The dark side of the brown egg looked almost like chocolate. My brain kept telling me it couldn't be that dark! And it's as smooth as a baby's behind. I like the reflected light, though.
A new addition to the graphing engine is the ability to adjust x- and y-axis bounds and tic marks independently. This provides highly customizable zoom capability.
I have studied the intricacies of the Liberal Democrats for some time, and there many fascinating questions which still remain unanswered. Indeed, when we consider the dramatic changes which lie ahead and realise that events beyond their control will force them to reassess the very fundamentals of their beliefs and the principles which they have based their whole existence on, there is only one thing we can be really sure of.
½ cup pineapple
Drew Barrymore (Poison Ivy)
The advice worked wonders and my Ingrid lasted 7 days.
Highly recommended, especially if you are a journalist or in any way interested in journalism.
What are little stones you step upon,
-Playing most of his career with the Dodgers afforded Gil the opportunity to play in seven World Series, of which the team won two. In 39 Fall Classic games, he hit .267 (35-for-131) with 5 home runs and 21 RBI. In Game 4 of the 1955 Series, he went 3-for-4 with 3 RBI, and his 2-run homer off of Don Larsen gave Brooklyn a lead it would not relinquish. He drove in the only pair of runs in that year's Game 7 clincher, completing a comeback from a 2-0 Series deficit against the Yankees.
“It was not only power I obtained in the halls of the Black Gallery. This cube is a potent relic, a Gambit’s Doorway.”
Luckily, I am the one who does not remember what that was like.
Just a little over a year later, the feud between two of the best in the country has only heated up more. Wyatt would have a phenomenal year at 3XW as he went on to defeat Brian Ash for the 3XW title. Not to be outdone, Sterling on the last show of 2011 would defeat Wyatt thus winning his first 3XW Heavyweight Championship.
Your enemy may be your best ally.
“Instead of information in these information kiosks I have installed multiple-choice questions, the kind one might encounter on a psychological test created by a slightly crazy person. The questions and their answers attempt to provoke moral dilemmas—situations in which no answer is really acceptable. Above these impossible and uncomfortable proposals are images of CCTV cameras, a reminder that our choices (or the impossibility of even making a choice in this case) might be monitored for our own protection. These images will be up during the art festival and many people will rightly guess that they are art of some sort; however I hope that by not identifying them as such, some slight confusion might result.
The Social Democrats link Murati to a small Turkish party that is part of the ruling coalition.
I hunkered down and pumped my arms and just went for it. I slowed my pace down just as I had practiced over all those bridge runs, and before I knew it, I was already at the top.
I don't know what I did in some other life to deserve these people, but I am glad that I did whatever it was that I must have done. I can't thank you enough, my friends, for all of your support and help. I hope you never find yourself in this kind of situation, but if you ever do...know that I will be there for you without hesitation! There truly are angels among us!
NEW: What about clones? – 1
Gene was the President of a prestigious school of warriors on the planet Providence. He only accepted three dozen students every twelve years. And he only accepts toddlers into his school, because he says, “the most formative time in a child’s life is when they’re first learning how to learn.”
Here you will read three tips that will give you a better game edge.
Okay, one more traveling pattern to go. Stitch, girl, stitch!
Freddie would just shake his head.
and wider even yet.
e) other dramas.
I decided to write this post when I realised that I have shared alot about the things that I consider important, or central to my life. And each month we get together with these families that I really like, and I wanted to share that too.
needed comfort. I wanted the feeling to be more relaxed and not so cluttered.
I will make a set of two custom bag-tags for two winners. I can make tags for boys or girls, and the giveaway is open internationally. All you need to do is leave a comment with a back-to-school tip or hint. Giveaway ends at midnight on the 31st January. Goodluck!!
How could I allow 3, nearly 4 months slip by? I have knitted a ton and been busy taking pics etc. I vow to get caught up over the next week or so and stay on top of it.
Bachmann: no but I will keep looking
During his hearing, the bishop sat stoically in the courtroom, clad in his cleric’s collar with a large gold cross dangling from a gold chain around his neck.
John Dewey, American philosopher and educational reformer, believed that “democracy is more than a form of government; it is primarily a mode of associated living, of conjoint communicated experience.” We are not autonomous individuals, we live within a society. As a society we must evaluate what we collectively value. Are highways and schools important? Yes, then the people should build highways and schools. If we value the humanities, sciences, and arts, then our society should have programs in place that foster their development. America doesn’t have a strong tradition of supporting the arts and changing this won’t happen over night. That is why organizations like the Junior Committee are so important. We engage our demographic, give voice to those who often feel marginalized, and take action. When we work together we can build a brighter future.
White is charged in three narcotics conspiracies – involving a total of about 25 kilograms of cocaine and about 22 kilograms of marijuana – as well as three substantive drug possession counts. White is also charged with one count of receiving a bribe. If convicted, White would face a mandatory minimum prison sentence of 10 years and could be sentenced to as much as life in prison.
Carpaccio, Cornish duck. Lucky I have money to roll in for forming luxury. Tips?
So what evidence do the Warmists put forward for their unlikely view that clouds do not shelter the earth from warming? All they offer -- wait for it -- is "models" again. They have no facts, just an unlikely opinion. How well justified are their other niggles at Lindzen just does not matter in the light of that central failure.
I’m officially bored again. Yesterday marked the end of my trip to Burlington, Vermont, which also meant saying goodbye to new friends, the adorable downtown area, the big lake (and lake monster named Champ), and bidding adieu to having something to do with my days. I’m pretty much the only one of my friends done with finals, and so now I have to just sit and wait until someone else can declare their college career done too. Sitting and waiting is not a riveting experience.
I call this picture “Palmolivia.” It is fascinating because I had no idea that the original formula of Palmolive came in three distinctly different colors. Who knew?
twist something (as inspired by the stem)
Not by accident just 15 kilometres out of Tübingen there is Germany´s oldest autonomous centre, the “Zelle”.
I’m glad we had that talk although we are such babies for crying our heart out over the phone and Skype. I just wished that our friendship would go back like before but I don’t think it would but I thought it’ll be stronger this time round after we tell and sort our thoughts and feelings. I missed how we always talked on the phone till dawn, Skyped till morning before our assignments deadline, laugh over hysterical nonsensical jokes and all. But it’s okay, we should make more memories.
Mengele also tested drugs that were the direct experimental subjects of the US Navy’s Project CHATTER. Project CHATTER was a Navy program that began in the fall of 1947. Allegedly, responding to reports of “amazing results” achieved by the Soviets in using “truth drugs,” the program focused on the identification and testing of drugs for use in interrogations and in the recruitment of agents. The research included laboratory experiments on animals and unwitting human subjects involving Anabasis aphylla, scopolamine, and mescaline in order to determine their speech-inducing qualities.
“You know where the rendezvous point is, son,” Pappy seemed annoyed.
I know John Fleming never makes wrong assertions in his posts. Also on the bill is was the amazing Ruth Levy So who sparkled, Rosie Martin who was graceful, and handsome Michael Kossew whose bit about men who never ask for a date was spot on.
‘We are in the shadow of this transcendental object at the End of Time; we are all gathered here at the endgame of processes — we are about to become unrecognizable.’
(Mary’s work is featured in this book from 1999 and the pages still hold timeless applications for today’s homes.)
Even Protestant scholars will acknowledge that Peter seemed have been designated with more authority that the other apostles by Jesus and based on NT evidence. But then they will contend that this authority was not passed on to another via apostolic succession. But I ask, why would Jesus designate an authoritative leader for His Church that would only last for the remainder of Peter’s short life? If the Church needed leadership in the first century, where many knew Jesus personally and knew the apostles and those who were taught by them, why would later generations not need this same authority and sure guide to the truth?
So Tuesday of this week was our last night all together, though one woman in the group was on an extended Thanksgiving vacation trip to Hawaii (lucky!), and of course we did lose a few folks during the 30 weeks. But those of us who were there spoke to the group on topics such as why we joined, what the program has meant to us, and what we are taking away.
So I'm trying to deal with him not talking to me.... it's harder than ever. I have been trying desperately to keep busy and keep my mind off of him and our situation.... but it seems everywhere I turn no matter what I do I'm reminded of him. When you're so close with someone that you share everything about your lives, how can you not think about them 24/7?? I see something I want to share and he's the first person I think of, I go to the store and I am reminded the last time I was there was with him, what we were doing, even what we bought.
DNA testing isn’t for wimps. I’m not describing the kind of bravery one needs to physically endure such testing - it’s an emotional waiting game of a lifetime and will suck the life right out of you. When the DNA kit arrived, I looked at it and set it aside for 2 days and contemplated the process as if it were a Pandora’s Box, ready to wreak havoc with my life. I couldn’t have been more accurate with anything other than that very analogy!
I know that personally, when I’m drinking an adult beverage, I usually find myself tempted to tweet about it to show my support for some of my favorite brands, like Blue Moon, Magic Hat, Harpoon, and Rohrbach’s to name a few.
Anyway, so far, 3 hours of training, so good. Another 30 or 35 hours to go. I'll post updates as I fly.
How you think, or your mindset, sets the tone for what follows in your career. It sets the tone for how you learn, how you interact with peers as well as prospects and clients.
See you soon,
Human reasoning is walking according to the flesh. How does the Lord look upon this in Galatians 5:16-17? “This I say then, Walk in the Spirit, and ye shall not fulfil the lust of the flesh. For the flesh lusteth against the Spirit and the Spirit against the flesh; and these are contrary the one to the other: so that ye cannot do the things that ye would.”
Read this way, the Psalm has an application in nearly every generation of Israel’s history. Even after the Temple was rebuilt and some Jews returned to Jerusalem, there was still a sense that the exile continued since they were under foreign domination.
A few weeks ago, the Wall Street Journal ran a feature ("High school, only shorter") on the handful of states that now give scholarships to students who complete high school early. If it takes you three years instead of four, the state is saving cash. So why not split that bounty, and give a small scholarship to be used to start college? Indiana, Minnesota, Utah, South Dakota and Idaho all have programs that create an incentive for kids to start college early.
David Karaffa brings a solid Conservative perspective to the process of solving problems facing local government.
I look at several rescues and adoption places on Facebook and Twitter. And it saddens me to see how some of these beautiful animals are treated. Some dogs are used for hunting and kept outside all of the time. Never socialized with humans much less other animals. Some are just neglected because a person can’t afford to care for them any more and some are just left behind when their master passes from this world. In any case, the rescues are doing a tremendous service for them, for the most part.
While I actually dislike writing (because I am not good at it), I do enjoy keeping a record of my musical experiences such as concerts and festivals, and sharing my passion for music as I enjoy the music and words of those much more talented than me.
The new history club at Kings Lynn Library might be just what you are looking for – come in and ponder the past with others over a cup of tea. Use the Library’s wide collection of resources – photographs, school log books, newspaper cuttings and much much more.
Two children bring their mothers (fathers/teachers who ever) a problem, one adult says, “Stop telling tales; go and sort it out yourself.” Second adult stops what they are doing, completely focusses on the child – they may go and help sort out the problem, they may not (more about this later). Which child is more likely to tell another tale?
Coffee was welcomed in the cool morning chill. We only had about 6 miles to hike out and we were in no hurry. I started checking the fresh plowed firebreaks for tracks and found the road was quite busy during the night. Fox, Rabbit, Coyote, Deer and Hog all used the road as we slept. The fox and the rabbit tracks showed an obvious chase…and from what we could tell the rabbit won!
Design and text style layout with proofs for approval. For most books it costs between £5.00 and £10.00 per thousand words to present the text to professional typographical standards from MS Word file.
"Want to put the bumps on your body to bed? Use Soap & Glory Flake Away® a spa-strength dry skin body polish."
They've censored my reviews before (and yes, I do mean "censored"), but this is the book they're going to bat for. This is the one they're standing behind, willing to lose thousands of loyal customers, willing to spit in the faces of every one of us who's ever been affected by a pedophile.
Turning Thirty-three: righteous number
but is that because we just aren't looking for something new?
But he was already charging, and was too involved to recognize me or my voice, or to pay any attention to his owner, who was calling for him.
Black to me isn’t as evil as everyone thinks. I mean, half of the world is black when there’s no light. If you think it’s a bad connotation. It’s always been a darker people color throughout literature. To me it doesn’t really have that feeling.
of human theories, reasoning, impulses and optimism because faith is spiritual
They were exactly like how i remembered- except so much uglier (typical!!). Steve polished off the entire container of Suji biscuits by himself!! They are just simply irresistable!!
More green juice
She’s so big! This morning I left her in the young toddler room as the normal caregiver for her room wasn’t in yet. She was quite excited too! She did the happy kicky feet thing as I strapped her in. And that was without any food in front of her too!
I especially like this excerpt from the article: “An individual’s positive judgment based on their efficacy promotes active involvement in activities and contributes to the growth of competencies needed in that activity.” In other words, the self-efficacy learned on the trail carries over in a positive way into the life of the child outside of camp.
When was the time you held her dear.
"Meet the Feebles" is a film that follows a chaotic day-in-the-life of the corrupt and perverted performers and crew of the "Feebles Variety Hour" as they prepare for their first nation-wide television network broadcast. If you can think of something perverted, violent, or vile, these characters are up to it, and they do it on screen.
Everyone smiles in the same language. ~Author Unknown
One of the many tricks mentioned to boost your memory is to develop the capacity to quickly create multisensory images that will link disparate ideas. In fact, conjuring dirty images or funny jokes will better lock the memory as compared to sheer rote memorization.
When the handlebars reach the lowest point, he grabs them and runs until his feet no longer touch the ground. At that point he can swing, pull, twist, spin around in the air – the handlebars rotate freely, so the hanger can do whatever he or she likes until they’ve reached the low end of the rotation again, when it’s time to run, then swing, then run, then swing, as the rider on the other side hangs on for dear life.
Somewhere we went wrong
Rumors of Water is subtitled thoughts on creativity and writing, which in one way is a fair summary of what you will find in its pages, but in another sells it far, far short. When you open this book what you receive is an invitation to take a journey with L.L. as she home-schools her daughters, “struggling to show them that creativity is theirs for the taking.” (p. 15) In these pages we are given the precious gift of being invited learn with Sara and Sonia, of eavesdropping some of their conversations, of having a ringside seat at some important moments in their lives, of celebrating their triumphs and sharing their disappointments. All in all, this is a very intimate book.
a headache a backache a stomach ache a pulled muscle in the left upper shoulder follow the wave of tendon to the wall of neck. my stress goes. where does it come? on your tits! the tsunami of stress is foul mouthed. illiterate. ignorant. small. meta.
Any advice? Does this experience sound familiar to anyone?
Don’t you think the movie is so realistic? I know I do. Except for some itsy bitsy details but yeah, it’s realistic all right. My sister is in a long distance relationship. She and her boyfriend not only live in different states, but 2 different freaking countries with very different timezones. Philippines and Canada. And she remains a rockstar. The video scene in the movie, the one were Drew and Justin watch a video of a panda or something, my sister and her boyfriend do the same thing. They download movies and watch it at the same time. It’s their date, which at first was kinda creepy, but when you think about it, is actually superdeeduper sweet.
In my younger days, my per-responsibilities days, I went to work sometimes and sometimes I didn't...Fridays or Mondays were if-y. I paid my bills mostly, sometimes I didn't. I never ate on a regular basis, never. And I very rarely loved myself, almost never.
But it is true! My primary school teacher was not wrong, she was warning us what it would be like in the future! There are a million things I want to do and I want to do them NOW, but a standard day, as it stands with it insufficient measly 24 hours does not facilitate my random need to:
She’s really no different than The Duggars, except that they are screwing the taxpayers on the back end for not using the ‘aspirin between the knees’ method. Tax write-off is the same as front-end welfare. The taxpayers pay either way.
- Sweeten with sugar and serve.
Option: further grate the mixture in the bowl of your food processor with the blend attachment to get a smoother texture to the mixture of grated potatoes and onion. Then drain all remaining liquid carefully out of that mixture in a strainer with small holes. Then continue adding the remaining ingredients to the blended mixture in a large bowl.
“Officer. Hi. I have a sleeping kid in the car, so please can you aim your light away from the car? I don’t want her to wake up.” The officer complied, only after using the microphone attached near his shoulder to relay John’s license plate number to a dispatcher.
Marking the 100th anniversary of the disaster, the two most famous films about the Titanic sinking have received the restoration and re-release treatment, albeit one of them on a much grander scale. The 1958 British production A Night to Remember, from director Roy Ward Baker, has been given a new digital restoration, receiving blu-ray treatment in North America courtesy of The Criterion Collection and a limited theatrical run in select cities in the United Kingdom. James Cameron’s Titanic, meanwhile, has been converted into 3D for a worldwide re-release. This revival of the world’s previous highest grossing film allows for re-evaluation on the part of its critics, re-familiarisation for its fans, and a chance for those who missed it on the big screen the first time round, like this writer, to see it through the means in which it most thrives, with or without 3D immersion.
Summing up, if you want to make a big mark you have to use a more absorbing paper, a pen with a bigger tip and you have to lay it for a longer time. Vice versa, if you want a smaller mark you have to use a less absorbing paper a pen with a thinner tip and lay it for a shorter time.
It’s time to come clean.
casts not just a Rainbow, but
Subhadip Sircar and Suvashree Dey Choudhury – Reuters, 02/01/2012
It is recognised by almost everyone that colonialism is a bad thing. They teach this in the schools in England. We have also been taught that colonialism in Ghana ended 50 years ago when Nkrumah won independence. Colonialism certainly ended but now appears to be continuing under a different name.
There is a website called "Gail Wilson Designs"
Serpent Spine is part of a set of quests not unlike ‘the Day Deathwing Came’ in the Badlands. Different characters are telling you the story of what happened and each quest has you playing one of them to complete the story.
I wanted to share a back friendly core variation that in my opinion strengthens the obliques safely and additionally adds anti rotation stability as well. Working with a ton of athletes the one thing that I’ve noticed is anti rotation and anti lateral flexion deficits seem to be high. I’m not sure why this is but there is a correlation between the body’s ability to stabilize anti rotation and reducing back pain occurrences, especially in rotational sports.
Francesco Di Giacomo - main vocals
Patrick:"Because it's the endure one. You arise aback actuality later."
So why is it that other countries deliver health care with greater economic efficiency than the United States?
Bradshaw's review stresses the love story angle, which is truly engaging, but it's also a deeply political film with searing contemporary relevance. Not only is its central issue that of old technology needing to make way for the new (here silent films having to make way for the talkies) and the effects on the careers and lives of artists, but embedded in that is a significant theme of ageism. 'I'm all washed up,' says ex-silent-movie idol George Valentin (his speech shown in an intertitle), after Peppy Miller, with whom he fell in love when she was a young hopeful and helped towards her stellar talkies career, announces in an interview that the old must make way for the young. George and the audience witness this interview taking place in a restaurant: it's comic and well as painful. All those old silent movie stars mugging for the camera, Peppy comments to the interviewer, a statement undercut not just by the fact that the nature of this film requires its actors to mug in the same way as those silent movie actors, but, hilariously, by her particularly exaggerated mugging as she makes the comment.
Burridge's 5-2 home win over Comrades reserves on Saturday afternoon was watched by a referee assessor.
One whiff and he’s off. Helter-skelter, criss-crossing wet fields
He: She hectors me about my weight, nags me to take out the garbage and
Today is cardio day and so far, it’s the hardest workout. Surprisingly, it doesn’t require that much space to do, which is an added bonus. Next week marks the use of workouts 3 and 4, so I”ll be able to shed some insight on more than 3 workouts!
Keep posting links to my new site. Every time I do, our traffic spikes, so you all must want to read what I'm posting.
Actually, yes. I had.
(Squinting)
project that promotes the image used to create the project. In other words,
1/2 cup agave nectar (or honey)
A bright orange
How BMI is used
NBC still has much rebuilding to do. They had a really rough year, even with the Super Bowl, but they can take solace in that they finally have a big entertainment competition show in The Voice and as a result they finally launched a drama that is averaging a 2.0 (Smash). Granted, much of that 2.0 is due to its placement after The Voice, but still that’s a victory for them. They also have a very decent Friday night player, Grimm, which is also returning.
Then we went back to Amboise, found the only boulangerie in the region that is open past 5pm and had a feast of bread, cheese, macarons and salami for dinner. Still full.
Friday night at work was BUSY. By the time I was walking home at 8:30 in the morning, I was mentally completely burnt out. Additionally, I was pissed off and beating myself up for missing a finding in one of the CT scans. It didn’t really affect anything, but I was mad that I had let the pressure of trying to give the trauma team a quick read prevent me from going through the case more carefully. Whatever. Live and learn. The only thing that was hurt was my pride.
gatherings across the land, to form a powerful network of new earth consciousness….something very unique is spreading
It's called a Graffiti bag and YOU can have what you want printed on it! I selected London, Buckingham Palace and Tower Bridge to honor our recent visit, and when the bag arrived, I was thrilled! It was MORE then I expected! It's got lovely handles, pockets, little metal feet on the bottom.... You should check out their website... They've got some AWESOME products... Just had to show off my new stuff. Don't we all love our stuff? :)
I remember being in Thailand when a major tsunami came through Myanmar. We saw disturbing images on the Thai TV channels. Thousands were killed and even more left homeless. Many countries tried to come to Myanmar's aid, but their government would not let people in to distribute the food and help that was needed. I think of North Korea. Those people live in such literal darkness. The government has successfully brainwashed a nation. The people don't even know the truth about their poverty and oppression. Governments across the globe are filled with corruption and tyranny.
Then, an overdyed rug on the floor. I've been in love with these since I first heard about them, but never pictured one in a room before. But I can't imagine anything different in this one.
. . . or so I thought. After I looked at my new cuties a while, I decided that I couldn't live with them like they were. So out came my trusty whatever-I-found-in-the-garage stain. I slopped on some stain, let it soak in for just a minute, and then wiped them down good with a clean paper towel.
She looked back and nodded; gesturing wordlessly with her own PK-106 assault rifle.
“How could I? We’ve been surrounded by people all day!”
11. Changes in prayer or meditation. Not feeling the same sensations as before. Not having the same experience of being in contact with Spirit. Difficulty in focusing.
It’s an Abel Morrall’s New Circular Twin-pin – I love the packaging which drew me to the needle, an elegant knitter working a two colour design in the round.
I have only just noticed the time and couldn't believe the day has gone so quickly .. .. and I got up early too so it isn't as if I wasted my time by lying in bed!!
I asked Roach what he thought was up with Johnson. Is he insane; a complete and ruthless opportunist, who puts his finger to the wind and acts accordingly, his previous statements notwithstanding; or is there some third possibility I’d neglected? A third option occurred to me, and I asked Roach if Johnson had fallen in love at some point with a girl whose politics were diametrically opposed to his, and he submitted, in order to stay in her good graces?
Ranting and raving about society’s duty to continue supporting the most obtusely corrupt system in modern history only delays the inevitable…and hence delays the recovery. It takes a lot of courage, but a real Patriot would walk away.
"There is an increasing acceptance by the traffic engineering and urban planning professions to the concept that carparking should not become and end in itself, but be recognized as only one phase of overall planning and transportation policies. It is further recognized that carparking policies and pricing can have a major influence upon the successful implementation of transport programs. Simply put, cheap parking encourages heavy usage of the private auto, and concurrently requires larger parking facilities and costly roadway improvement works.
1. When rearranging every cupboard and drawer in (his) house, be sure to tell him where you've organized said things.
5. Your sister is going to have a life of her own. Don’t you want that for her? Who are you to try and control her life?
will he get a record deal? will it be hip hop or ihop? with the label Bisquick or, uh, Atlantick? TIME WILL TELL.
Place your hand firmly yet gently on each sandwich, then use a serrated knife to cut the crusts off carefully. Slice each sandwich into 3 rectangles. Present them on a fancy schmancy plate if you’re doing afternoon tea with friends. If you make them in advance, cover the sandwiches with a damp paper towel and store in an airtight container.
5. WorldNetDaily: Overlooking the Fact that they have Chimpcoulter writing for them, I like the non-partisan coverage that Worldnetdaily delivers. They expose the evildoers and have opened up the truth of what is happening at the DOJ with the corruption of Alberto “The US Constitution is Quaint” Gonzales as well as exposing the Orweillan plans to issue fourth the Amero and the North American Union in order to completely destroy the United States work base. America needs more non-partisan news.
Nope, couldn't move that either.
Damn, I guess as a featured blogger of the week I ought to actually write something this week.
Now I'm supposed to tag 5 other people so these are the people whose answers I'd really like to read:
I think I should start a show on Raj TV and talk about this philosophy.
She is going to see Dr. Ginny tomorrow for her 6 month check up so I'll post about those stats and add her 6 month pictures then.
We checked out the arcade while waiting for my turn to come up. Isabel immediately headed to the skee ball lanes. Its in her blood. Both Sean and I like skee ball. Our old Friday night date night back in our pre-hitched days was for Sean to drive up to my house from Lawrence, and we’d head out for dinner and then go to PowerPlay….which was basically the more run down/cheaper version of Dave & Busters. Yeah….we were pretty wild and crazy. Then we’d spend most of our time (and money) trying to out do each other on skee ball. So I took a few minutes to show Isabel the basics….
And another. This has also been quilted with gold thread so it looks much more sparkly in real life! On the flower designs at the bottom of this panel Mum has added little Japanese coins in the middle, I think they look great.
Maybe they should pay him a royalty.
M.A.M.S.,M.I.G.O.F.(Germany),
Only women find it every day in soup ads pleasant as their husband comes home. Carmiggelt
Whoever I would with my wicked eyes,
Viridian
Filipinos are mostly brown skinned, but there are a variety of shades from mocha light brown, to sunbathed dark brown, to almost black but not enough to look like African ebony. There are even some Filipinos who look almost like fair-skinned foreigners because they have fair-skinned ancestors. Our colonial masters, the Americans, the Spaniards, and the Japanese, are nations where the fairer ones were once, or, in certain respects, still remain, dominant, powerful, and privileged.
I posted about mt eBay rocking chair mini makeover here previously. I decided to enhance it a little further with some subtle burgundy grain sack stripes.
66. Spending the afternoon at Everett Crowley Park and letting the little boys run wild like little boys should.
Took a car downtown where the lost boys meet
Nancy Nall points out a New York Times blog post about the price we’re paying for fewer editors. It’s true, and it’s affecting not only your local newspaper but even major books from quasi-reputable publishing houses.
would fit the bill. Next came the matter
NOW FOR THE CHALLENGES:
Working at speed is another key reason to use cloud over in-house servers when it comes to collaboration. For a fast growing business there is no easy way to scale up your server room as your team gets bigger and needs more access to internal systems and collaborative software.
You can find the whole series, sixteen episodes, on youtube (& elsewhere), with lazy subbing. They don't translate when the characters are speaking sometimes, but they translate more than enough for English speakers to understand.
The international mania for jazz reinstated Ellington as one of the highest earning artists in jazz. He performed all over the world; a significant part of each year was now spent making overseas tours.
Felonious assault 2.7 28.9
I am against elected PCCs for three reasons.
We got acquainted with many of the people in the first couple of rows. These are the die-hard fans, the ones who follow the band and pay extra money to get in early. Great group.
We sing "What will the weather be?" from Dr. Jean. Then someone gets to come be the "Weather person" and drag the weather to the correct day. Finally, we read the graph -- "On Monday it was....., On Tuesday it was.... On Wednesday it is...." - good way to teach present and past.
Your memories are a part of me
OH! and Alabama ~~~~~~~~~ROLL TIDE!
And boy am I.
Now for my family. We like to trade things up a bit sometimes, so today I made this recipe but added one teaspoon maple flavouring (Rawleighs only guys) put two dishers (size 16)* (8 TBS) of batter into each standard cupcake cup, I used these liners and had to do a tiny retro fit but hey, they worked. I sprinkled them with just a wee bit of chopped pecan bits. Banana Maple Pecan Muffin Cupcakes are born this October 5th 2011!
Woot! Alex Varty has written an article about Couloir, who are playing on the final concert of David Pay’s Modulus Festival! Oh, I suppose I should point out that I have a new piece of music on this program, called Three Medititations on Light. One of them is Bioluminescence (a strange and beautiful phenomenon, though difficult to spell…)
The top drawer fell to me: a silver chain
The October 2010 Daring Bakers challenge was hosted by Lori of Butter Me Up. Lori chose to challenge DBers to make doughnuts. She used several sources for her recipes including Alton Brown, Nancy Silverton, Kate Neumann and Epicurious.
Those who follow my work, know how much of an over qualified tea drinker I am and these combine all the aspects that make my work 'me'.
Please join with me in praying for this family in this time of great loss, as well as thanking God that we do not grieve without hope. Her daughter was a believer, and as such, though we grieve with our friend, we also look forward to that glorious reunion.
Cheers indeed
But, I am not a "jump right in" kind of girl.
Copic Marker is proud to partner with Splitcoaststampers the entire month of October for their annual Hope You Can Cling To campaign for breast cancer awareness.
40. The Dahlmanns-All Dahled Up (Pop Detective)
Every crafter has various techniques or adhesives they choose to use but I like using this small Xyron because I know I can get an even application of adhesive every time.
Angela Cartwright is having a giveaway on her blog! You should go check it out. I looked at this book when I was in Borders recently and had book-lust.
So what can you ask and how should you interview an agent. That’s up to you. While I definitely suggest you take the time to talk with each interested agent on the phone, it’s also perfectly acceptable to email your questions. This way she can either reply via email, or has the questions in front of her during your phone call and you won’t feel like you’re peppering her with a million different questions.
Georgia finally has one!
T-U-R-R-E-T powah! (15)
I went to church yesterday morning... and listened to a New Years sermon. I was in and out of the service, because of my loud youngest child, but God did speak to me.
A Global Mega-Brewer Hedging Bets
I'm increasingly falling into Chefs viewpoint that its much better to keep a low profile.
Original LY-F1 A10 Android Tablet – The new, A10 processor offers 1.2GHz frequency and a 400MHz dedicated graphics processor to provide seamless play in, even the most intensive, 3D games or allows more apps to be run concurrently without the inevitable cpu slowdown experienced in lesser tablets.
Though I am happy that these loved ones can be free from their pain- death is still sobering. We get reminded that death can come at any time and just how very important it is to be ready for it! What a peace there is when you know that the person is ready! And what peace you can have if you know that you are ready!
I think I am going to go to bed now and shed a great number of tears for all those lost pictures.....
I haven’t been for a long walk with Snoops for a while. Since before New Year. I love taking him for challenging jaunts, and I think he loves get lost, etc, get him home and have him sink into an exhausted sleep of the knackered. I need to get out and get knackered! I actually love walking, but as I don’t drive this is a bit impossible. How can I get to Grassington on Saturday?
(You know you want to click to enlarge)
A few plans for the rest of the week... um, to spend a lot of time with my family, ha ha!
The most important discussion on how France has served as Africa’s angel of death devouring African economies and turning rich resource countries into pariah states could be seen from Gabon. The late Omar Bongo of Gabon who ruled his country for 41 years was considered one of the corrupt African leaders and was known worldwide to have used his country’s oil wealth to buy mansions and other properties in France and to buy political influence and favour from the French ruling class. In 2009 French police investigation uncovered a huge number of properties that were bought by Bongo and his family. In all 33 mansions and other luxurious properties were uncovered. One of the mansions a 21,528 sq ft is located at Rue de la Baume near to the Elysee Palace the home of the French presidency. According to the Sunday Times in UK, the investigation also uncovered nine other properties in Paris, four of which are on the exclusive Avenue Foch near the Arc de Triomphe. Bongo was also reported to have a further seven properties in Nice, including four villas, one of which has a swimming pool. The late Edith and wife of Omar Bongo, until her death still had two flats near the Eiffel Tower and another property in Nice.
That sounds great Mike – Let me know if there is anything I can do to help you.
They were arguing about who got to sleep with me since their dad was not home and I guess
And where is the money going? I know I may be labouring this point a little but I assume that they're making a whole load of fucking cash from this. And I assume that whatever coin is left over from rent boy rental is going back into the church to help pay the travel expenses of other paedophile priests as they get moved from one fresh meat parish to the next.
What will I add to my life? What will I let go of?
Brewery co-owner John Watts says the stout will be coming back around as Reserve No. 18 after it gets some bourbon barrel time. That version will be very limited and will be available only at the brewery.
Over the past 19 years Sue Seeber from Steynsburg, Eastern Cape, has lost almost two dozen friends and family members to crime. Here she speaks about the rights of the victim, police incompetence and her personal crusade to make a difference and find solutions to turn the tide of crime in SA.
I changed her, she become upset. I didn't distract her with a toy, singing or anything else. I allowed her to become upset. I finished and placed her in the middle of the bed rather than scooping her up into my arms as usual, which always stops the upset.
Published by Amazon Encore
Perhaps you may want to try out some examples of such a beer. One such specimen is Abita Pecan Harvest Ale, from Abita Brewing Co. in Louisiana. It is widely distributed in Texas, so pick up a sixer and taste it for yourself. The brewery has this to say about its pecan-flavored offering, according to a press release:
The fact that the administration deemed it appropriate to Jake to be pulled out of Spanish to be tutored for Biology just plays into Jake's theory that Spanish is not important. Why would the do that? Sigh. Good job, administration.... That school is on my nerves today anyway for losing my child.
As to “illegal reasons” to access records, you can also think of these as the non-permissible reasons. For example, a PI can’t access a driver’s history to find that person’s residence so the PI can stalk, intimidate or harass that person. Those are obviously non-permissible reasons and the PI could end up answering to federal charges for violating the DPPA and state charges for participating in stalking. Similarly, a PI cannot obtain other records that are governed by permissible reasons (such as police records, water district records, fire district records) for personal use (for example, to solicit clients for himself or for a lawyer, or to resale the information for profit).
After all, injuries wasteland this type of large bookbag in an attempt to rainwater.
We provide a full scope of Immigration solutions to help get individuals and their families to Vietnam on time and in full compliance with local immigration law and foreign labor regulations.
Anyway, after the seven-day pact, both couples reconnected; both felt like more of a team. Taking it one step further, the married couple with children wrote promises to one another going forward and the married couple without children vowed to have a “7 Days of Sex” anniversary every year. The sex vow seemed to work for these two pairs… but will it always?
She does get a taste from time to time, and so far she’s very polite (when she loses patience she only puts her front paws on his lap. Nothing further). It’s hard to resist when she looks at you with such bright eyes!
Today was one of those days. It was raining, it was cold. It was blah. After work, Julie said she was going to a powerflow class at Pure. I wasn’t sure I wanted to go. Actually, I knew I didn’t. It felt like a crash-on-the-couch-and-watch-a-movie day. Then Julie said we could go to Booster Juice, which is good, and that it was Jen’s class, which is great. I decided to go and just do what I could.
Griffiths Little is the recipient of the Southwest Book Award, The Whitney Award for Best Youth Novel of 2010, and the author of the highly acclaimed, The Healing Spell and Circle of Secrets, published by Scholastic Press. Look for her books at the Scholastic Book Fairs, as
I have a range of friends from different parts of my life showing up to celebrate my 30th birthday, and I think my questions are fair for everyone. To make it even easier, its multiple choice and some questions are true/false.
Advisors everywhere face the same influences and pressures everyday. These influences may actually be hurting your advice giving rather than helping.
The Corporation, based on The Corporation: The Pathological Pursuit of Profit and Power shows the development of the contemporary business corporation, from a legal entity that originated as a government-chartered institution meant to effect specific public functions, to the rise of the modern commercial institution entitled to most of the legal rights of a person.
The Krylon Clear Choice Art Scholarships will award five $1,000
Emergency responders found Mr Cormier unresponsive at his North Hollywood home last week, according to ABC.
Obama: How come you're talking about the second one again?
I tried to find the answer in Mishneh Torah, but the only thing I could find, was what he writes about the various books:
There’s an e-petition opposing minimum pricing on the government website. I actually know someone called Chris Ward, but I don’t know whether it’s him (Edit: it’s not). So far sign-ups have been slow, but it’s early days yet. With my rudimentary MS Paint skills, I’ve designed a crappy little icon to promote it which can be seen in the left-hand sidebar. If you can do better, go ahead. E-mail me if you would like the code to put this on your blog or website.
And they'd know that it's the farmer that feeds them all…”
I am failing as an adult; by letting her poison get inside me and infect everything that means the world to me.
Commercial and homebrewing pioneer Greg Noonan died late Saturday. Noonan wrote the very influential homebrewing guide Brewing Lager Beer (1986, updated in 2003) and opened Vermont's first brewpub in 1988. More importantly, he guided and inspired many brewers.
Verdict: Siganeui Choom is a meditative and thought-provoking documentary rather than a fact-filled one, giving a glimpse into the rather personal histories of the first Korean immigrants to Cuba while giving rise to difficult-to-answer questions about the diasporic experience and split identities.
Here we have a long sought-after LP from Germany. It contains the well-circulated track "Der Staat" and, not surprisingly, a few other gems. Unfortunately this isn't the best rip, but I tweaked it as well as I could... so it'll have to do for now. Other faves from this one would be "Où", "To Je Pravda", "Je Suis Seule", and "Masse Mensch". I've gotta run for now, have a nice Sunday, everyone. Enjoy!
Teaching yourself how to get to a better place,
The train ride itself was a lot of fun for me. It is about a four hour ride from start to finish. We were on the Vistadome, which is the midrange train, for the ride there. (We'll be taking the Expedition, the cheaper train, on the way back.) It was a nice, clean train... I daresay much nicer than the inside of an airplane. The seats were plush and there were windows on the sides of the roof of the Vistadome (hence the name) so you can see the tops of the mountains on the ride. They announced points of interest and sites in both Spanish and English as we went along and played soft, pleasant Peruvian flute music for the duration of the trip. They even served a snack midway through the trip... quinoa (local to Peru) with diced carrots and zuchinni, small Peruvian potatoes in the yummy green sauce I have yet to learn the name of with Andean cheese, and small sweet unidentified little shortbread-esque cookies. It was served in the most adorable little blue and yellow basket to top it off.
girls whom they come to know only through networking and then they go for Thailand
Happy Saturday friends!
The animation was very good, certain battles were highly specialized and fluid. To this day, the animation does not look dated – in comparison to other animes released at that time. The voice acting was quite superb, down to their nuances and catch phrases.
Tellingly, the next most common types are the Extroverted judging functions (Feeling and Thinking). This pattern mimics in space the pattern that defines an individual over time. Just as an individual with a strong introverted focus needs an extroverted focus, so too does a community with a strong introverted focus need extroverted members who can negotiate the complexities that Introverted Sensation’s emphasis on continuity cannot always deal with well.
I had a first draft, not a finished piece. Reject letters came in and I kept writing.
The sports world loves nicknames. King James, RG3, Big Papi, Larry Legend… Bill Bradley, former all-star forward for the New York Knicks, was notoriously frugal. Teammates called him Dollar Bill.
October 15 – DeltaPlex, Grand Rapids, MI
6-Trace the the cone pattern onto the paper side of your Wonder Under. Remember that your image will be reversed but for this case it doesn't really matter.
Unfortunately my oven is super-duper hot, and after only 10-15 minutes of baking, I could see that my loaf was burning!! Eeek. So I turned it down a bit and covered the loaf with some tin foil to prevent it getting worse. After 50 minutes, the loaf was ready and looking good.
For the burgers (modified to give the beef a little more kick):
What’s your favourite ‘smell’ word?
Overall, The Meat and Wine Co is a great restaurant in a great location. I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good(GREAT!) steak and a nice glass of red wine. I feel that it is a restaurant of which to go to for a particular reason…celebrating the end of exams, holidays or birthdays. Oh and make sure you book because its a very VERY popular spot!
(Witness our very own state senator who was recently caught at a loss on national TV and has been widely ridiculed, but who is, I believe, a really good legislator and a decent guy.)
As stated in his book “The Leadership Engine”, Tichy Noel reinforces that learning is a key requirement for developing leadership. We enhance our unique qualities through learning and education. Studying abroad was probably one of the richest experiences of my life. It was a privilege to study for my MBA at Duke, The Fuqua School of Business. It was a unique moment of my life. The globally focused education allowed me to make a deep personal assessment while providing me with an actionable set of global leadership tools. (Not to mention that I met my wife during my MBA, this is awesome).
Listening to: screaming children and singing birds.
It’s too darn bad that the mid-1940’s Midnight was such a bland character. He had little personality, no super-powers, and lacked the grim drive for vengeance that characterized the stories of the first run, in the early forties. Even the impractical but charming vacuum gun was left behind. Try as he might (and he mightily did try), Cole could only make the Midnight stories about a tenth as fun to read as his Plastic Man series.
That leads me to believe one of two possibilities. Either it was Sheridan’s intention all along to sack counsel and defend himself, on the basis that his oratory would sway the jury (as had already happened in Edinburgh) and that he would be seen as the “common man” standing up to the massive NotW or his QC was not prepared to pursue one or more of the lines of defence Sheridan had suggested. Counsel have a duty to their client of course, but also a duty to the court, and in a legally aided case, to the Scottish Legal Aid Board. If they feel they are being called upon to act in breach of their duties, and the client insists, then they must withdraw. If Mr McBride had been acting for Sheridan, rather than for Gail, then it may very well be the case that the same decisions, whether that of Sheridan to dispense with counsel, or by counsel to withdraw, would have been taken.
Nov 29 – Crocodile Rock Café – Allentown, PA (W/Cobra Starship)
The latest is their ban on any discussion of the witch-hunt against Mike Easter, the campaign manager for Chris Jackson at the corrupt last Leadership challenge.
The Bionic Bean is getting breathing treatments every two hours and she is still on several antibiotics and a host of different medications, just about enough to start a small drug dealership. She is off the heavy-duty sedatives, which is causing some withdrawal symptoms, but nothing Trainspotting-like. She still needs medication for the pain left behind by the breathing tube and the surgery, and she has some wheezing and stridor due to the swelling in her trachea. Her breathing sounded Darth Vaderesque this morning but by now it turned into more of a squeaky door sound.
(BTW) I am open to revisiting the subject matter that’s stymied me of late … but I’ll need to check my motives first.
And check out this interview Joselu did with “Punto Pelota’s” Irene Junquera. We find out that Joselu was born in Stuttgart since his parents working there, but he returned to Spain at the age of three, to the Galician town of Silleda, and he’s very proud to be from there, and that also explains his Galician accent. Joselu says he’s always been a Madrid fan, but his sister is culé, so there is a rivalry that made him cry a lot when he was young and Madrid lost. He says he still gets upset even now when Madrid loses. His current goal celebration, where he pretends to have slanted eyes (terrible!!) is because his girlfriend has spent the last two months working in China, and it’s dedicated to her. As for his various tattoos, he explains three of them. On his left wrist, he has the letters I, J and M. The “I” is for his sister, the “J” for his nephew Javier and the “M” for his niece María. On his right wrist, he has a full band. On his upper left arm, he has a tattoo of the virgin, which is for his late grandparents, as they were very religious. Three months ago, his grandmother unexpectedly committed suicide, and his grandfather died 10 days after that out of grief, so it was a very tough time for the family. Pobrecito…
Grievings in loneliness, or unsubdued
By making your store a “one-stop” shopping experience for those people that would like to accessorize their vehicle, you create one more reason for customers to frequent your dealership!
b) the middle finger of the right hand (the left was unlucky)
308. The complete text of the Buddha’s Fire Sermon (which corresponds in
I grant a clemency for Perry, though I have no power, there are no grounds for clemency, and my clemency is of no consequence; Perry, in the matter of Cameron Todd Willingham, granted no clemency, though his power was extraordinary, the grounds substantial, and the consequences vital. His silence now will be far more chattered about than his silence then.
1 finely
There is one last gem...the newly restored (and seemingly totally rebuilt) Hyatt. It is beautiful and, at least according to my friends, does not disappoint. I am hoping that my first Hyatt experience will be next month for Brad Pitt's Make It Right Foundation Gala. Tickets start at $1,000.00 and I am hoping someone might need a date. You can check it out at www.nighttomakeitright.com.
I’ve travelled to enough places to know that the familiar tends to temporarily fade in the face of the new, novel, unique. Oh, why can’t we be just like this, do things exactly like they do here? If only we were on permanent vacation life would be so grand.
Oh, then he cursed him, “Again you become a rat. Again you become a rat.” So he became a rat.
And please welcome our May Guest DT, Susie:
“I just returned from Lesotho and wanted to pass on a huge THANKS from the kids! We distributed the PJ’s to needy children in various villages which surround Mohale Clinic, located in the central highlands of Lesotho. Most of the kids who received PJ’s are either orphans, HIV-positive, or live with a family member who is infected. They truly appreciated the warm clothes to sleep in since it’s been a brutal winter this year.”
Gerald Kolpan
1 medium to large onion (about 2 cups), chopped or sliced
"Hi sweetie,
With its frank perversity, poetic monologues, black-comedy undertow and exploration of forbidden quasi-incestuous fantasy, Duffer was defiantly out on a limb. With the Wolfenden Report and the decriminalisation of homosexual activity in 1969, social attitudes were changing, and Duffer was one of the first films made in Britain to feature overt, if obliquely filmed, scenes of male-on-male sex. The sadomasochistic nature of many scenes between Dumaresq and Gleave required sensitive handling, although Despins remembers the teenage actor was extremely relaxed about the whole thing: “Kit was a very silent kid, and I can't remember where we found him. He was on the set, he said very very little, he was very amenable, so he was never ever a problem. We must have behaved in such a way - Bill, Jorge and myself - that minimised the danger of that situation for him in some way. In the sodomy scene, I quickly got out of the wider shot and just went in to a close up of Duffer's face. And that could have been shot with Bill hardly even being there if we'd wanted.”
Off she goes with a dismissive wave of her hand.
Now everyone knows who you were,
“I imagine if you were going to tell me, you would already have done so.”
Sam says…
I'll try to post relevant tweets on this blog periodically.
another by little human-like creatures "Rakkans"
Ultimately…not.
I am so excited to be sharing my first post for the GCD Studios blog and thanks for stopping by. Now do you have any favorite things your kiddos or grandkids say? Leave a comment...I would love to hear about them!
Fourthly, if you are the sort of parent who (as Sustain claim) finds the sight of sweets at the check-out annoying, may I suggest you fill in one of those comment forms the supermarkets so helpfully provide and do your shopping in a place that is more to your liking, preferably in a different hemisphere.
7pm-9pm
I painted them with acrylic craft paint and did a lot of the details with waterproof markers, then finished them with a coat of matte Mod Podge. I learned a lot doing these and would definitely do some things differently next time (like waiting for the paint or mod podge on the heads to dry completely before picking them up -- I had to redo a few things because I was so impatient).
Gentleness or meekness is the opposite to self-assertiveness and self-interest. It stems from trust in God’s goodness and control over the situation. The gentle person is not occupied with self at all. This is a work of the Holy Spirit, not of the human will.
Lilac grey (B0134)
You can try to talk or communicate with them, give them a deadline to move out from your home.
So for now....
Has been looking after Eva and Piotr.
I look forward to enjoying it every year.
I do tend to take a few other foodie necessities with me such as, Marmite, Horseradish Sauce and a jar of Mince Sauce.
So the copy I currently own is SUPER COOL AND RARE and doesn't even have a dedication in place yet. I haven't read it yet, as I intend to do a bit more catching up on the SVH series and will save it until I run out of old books to read and review. It's going to be AMAZING.
Yes it was my birthday and mine and beloved's first wedding anniversary. We had a lazy day and I put my feet up and watched Downton Abbey and several other programmes I had recorded. My mil took us out for dinner later and beloved bought me this for my birthday.
WSJ: President Obama’s TV health-care forum …was … revealing. Namely, Mr. Obama shared more than he probably intended about the kind of rationing that his health plan will inevitably impose.
How it all started. Back In the 6th century apparently, a Buddhist monk brought tea to Japan. Jump forward to the 16th century and you have these Portuguese missionary guys introducing tea to the Europeans. The world just hasn’t been the same. I started this series of posts about Tea a few weeks ago and went on a quest to find the Best Tea in the World. Needless to say that is an impossible task however, I’ll tell you what I consider the best if you tell me yours. You can see my recommendation in a minute.
9) Obama Promised to Reduce Earmarks and then Reduced Earmarks. How is that a promise broken or a flip flop? Reducing Earmarks is not the same as NO EARMARKS ever.
All tracks: by Round House.
and complete,
Very interesting things have happened to me recently.
I made a big decision this weekend and joined my local YMCA. I did it for a number of reasons, one of which was to tone this new body I am creating. I have a treadmill at home and some girlie weights but I was getting bored. I used to do weight training years ago and knew I’d get more motivated in a gym atmosphere.
Forget about it, just forget about it.
He's crazy about them and he could play fetch for hours. He'll actually bring you a ball if you ask him "Where is the ball?". It's so funny seeing him search for one :)
‘His wrinkled face becomes a mask riven by anguish, as if contrcted from the fissured and desolated landscape below.’
All alone.
You can store the leftover vanilla bean in a jar with sugar, to make vanilla sugar.
If the cause of the performance issue is not ability, then explore the willingness or motivational component of performance. They may have a confidence issue relative to the task. Perhaps you will have to increase your relationship activity with this person, such as encouraging them.
What shines through from these films is that John Cage was an anarchist who believed that “the best government is no government”. In his vision, the concept of living anarchism is neither chaotic or violent but entails the practice of liberty and requires both individual responsiblity and creative conduct.
He has been driving since he was 12, where driver education consisted of driving a drunk parent home from the pub. 20+ years of driving experience and an advanced driving course along the way. A piece of cake. After successfully passing the first stage, the Learners Permit, he was ready to drive with supervision. He had the option of going for his license straight away, but decided driving as a learner was the best course of action, after all, he was a little rusty after not being behind a wheel for so long.
Be sure to encourage an praise your child every time you do something therapeutic that they tolerated. Recognize their attempt if they didn't tolerate it well. It's hard work for these kids (and you) and progress can be slow. Don't give up and don't let your child give up.
he's fine, now...but it's been hectic...you can't make up shit like this...
I mean, it isn’t as if seeing your favorite team lose a game once in a while is the end of the world!
Jonathan Stein, J.W.
September is a great time to get back to walking. The scenery is beautiful, and I am motivated to get in some walking now, before winter makes it nearly impossible.
And buried is Theta, by lethal embrace
That’s too bad. College is all about eating pizza.
Ryan “So Hot the Water” Broyles tore his ACL in November 2011 the same way the compact receiver tore through BIG12 defenses, becoming the NCAA receptions leader with 349 catches. He will probably be selected in the 3rd round, although he could fall further. While his height is limited and his speed is unknown until he fully recovers, the kid a extremely talented and a solid route runner. He could end up being the steal of the the draft if he falls down further than the third round. If fully recovered, he should be able to contribute early. Just five months removed from his ACL surgery, Broyles recorded a 32.5-inch vertical jump and 4.57 time in the 40-yard dash at his Pro Day. There is no doubt that he should be faster by the start of the 2012 NFL season.
Ooohh, I wish I was studying insects this term! For the past 2 years we have, but with the national curriculum we aren't learning about these fascinating creatures until (maybe) Term 3 (at least I'll be ahead for then....)
“I don’t understand why we have to take the boys with us,” Zofia began whining in German. “Girls are always more useful during wartime. They’re not going to get drafted or be suspected of being circumcised or just get in the way. Why can’t we just leave these three behind in the train station and let them fend for themselves?”
2.You drop the phone and it gets washed down a drainage drain. This happened to me with my last phone.
Sue Grafton
I don't claim that I will be a "photographer" by the end of the year ... but I certainly hope to improve my skills and learn a little sumthin-sumthin about photography!
A) Anshik Manglik( Little Manglik)
Now, a bit more on VPPSEQT (short for Virtual Pool Parallel SEQuential Threshold): this is one of several DB2 buffer pool parameter specifications that can be altered for a particular pool via execution of an ALTER BUFFERPOOL command. The default value for VPPSEQT, as noted, is 50. This is actually a percentage of the VPSEQT (Virtual Pool SEQuential Threshold) value, which is 80 by default. That 80 is a percentage of the associated pool's buffers, so by default 50% X 80% = 40% of a pool's buffers are available to hold table and/or index pages that are read from disk as a result of parallel-mode query execution. If you change the VPPSEQT threshold for a pool to 60 and leave the VPSEQT threshold at 80 then, for that pool, 60% X 80% = 48% of the buffers will be available to hold pages read into memory in support of parallel-mode query processing. If VPPSEQT is set to zero, no buffers will be available to support parallel-mode query processing, so queries targeting tables in table spaces assigned to that pool will not be candidates for parallelization.
MH: What caught me when I first saw Bitter Seeds was the beautiful, yet austere cover art by John Jude Palencar. Do you think his depiction of Gretal is accurate to what you envisioned? Did you have a hand at all in the cover's evolution?
- image is a Penny Black Stickaroo from the 'sun-kissed' set - sold in the UK by Handy Hippo, and thanks to Irene for the inspiration
I think the line between the reactions might be in the expectation of change.
Rescue Me
Malila confirmed this week that three assault cases were opened at the Hillbrow police station after the raids and that a police officer had claimed to have been assaulted as well. No arrests have been made.
This recipe comes from my good friend, Melinda. She's an awesome cook and I asked her permission to steal this off of her family recipe blog. (Thanks Melinda!) It's another one of my very favorite recipes. We make it all the time. It's easy and so, so tasty. My favorite part about it is that it's just a little bit sweet, giving it kind of a teriyaki flavor or something. You'll love it!
I must also mention that these are some of the best fansubs I’ve seen since the old Tomodachi Fushigi Yuugi episodes (ooh, I’m dating myself there). The coding and timing is great, and the sub itself is well-translated and smooth. Also, these are very high-quality copies so if you’re going to watch an anime online, these are the ones you want to start with. Happy watching!
#everyoneknowsatleastonepersonlikethis
To cope with the shortage this month, we have a solid repertoire of solid foods Cooper loves (solid solids! ha!). He still won't drink formula from a bottle, and my freezer stash is still dwindling. He will, though, eat (organic) oatmeal mixed with Gerber GoodStart, so that's progress! Last month and the month before that, he only needed a coupe of bottles to get through the rough patch, and he eats about 4 ounces of Gerber a day with his oats (well, I serve him that much-- he eats about half. I don't want to replace nursing with solids-- just want solids to be there in case the milk is low), so we should be good.
Letting go of all I've held onto
Social media are at once one of the greatest and most dangerous phenomena since the creation of the Internet. Upon analyzing their place in my life, I ask many questions about how they apply to my vocation: journalism. And since journalism affects everyone, it turns out these are pretty important questions. Who better to ask than those on the frontlines of news coverage?
turn only to each other
December Prediction: 3-1
Speaking of cookies and baking and whatnot, Christy and I finally decided to get our act together and teach ourselves how to decorate cakes. It was a lot of fun and we'll probably do some more today.
Harp seal babies are covered in a downy, snowy white fur and were thus traditional targets for the fur industry, valued for their fluffy white pelts.
where each wary step is
There were tens of thousands of drunken hooligans everywhere, stabbing people, mugging, raping and shooting.
Ms. Lewis lived in the Valley of the Sun (metro Phoenix area) for thirty years and recently returned to the Midwest. Now a snowbird, she returns to Arizona to visit family, friends, and to photograph the Arizona landscape.
A winner would be if I'd some how managed to save money compared with buying the same brands elsewhere. I think my best 'win' has been about 72p, which on a shop of say £100 would be about 0.7%.
I'm also an intern now! Yup! I'm a Social Media Assistant (intern) and it's great because really I just do the stuff I do all day at home except in an office (by that I mean look up ways to optimise exposure for businesses or small independent zines about literature and art, while staring at the Google keyword tool & the Facebook insights) where there's free tea and coffee and I think I can wear jeans? Nice ones, not yuck ones. It's up in Leeson Street, where everyone in town works apparently, and I've been visiting a swan that's nesting on the canal. They generally ignore me which is good. Here's a quote as to what Social Media Marketing Assistants do, stolen from someone else's site:
That’s all I think about after sampling this forgettable lager. I have to confess that I was drawn in by the neck label that reads, “Celebrating the repeal of prohibition 1933.”
I went shopping in amazons "free" section and came away with 40 titles! Everything from picture books to psychological suspense with mystery, romance, and memoirs thrown in.
However, I did need a little outlet for this weekend’s rage about comments by John Griffin of Addison Lee…
My mind the whole run was telling me that I couldn’t do it and that I needed to stop and give up, but my legs kept moving. The one and only time I stopped briefly during the race was to eat an orange at the 6 mile marker; then I kept pushing through.
Who is Mr. Lapu-Lapu?
If you refer a customer to me and they purchase a car, I will send you $200!
But that does not alter oppressive systems - not with women's ownership of channels either.
be false
The government also is seeking the forfeiture of the $559,040 Sueppel is accused of stealing.
2. Attention!
I will try again when I have more eggs.
Brown needs to have the courage to stand on this popular discontent over assets and the huge resentment that the NACTs are taking over Auckland in an anti-democratic coup.
This is commonly known as the unpardonable sin and many fear they have committed it. But, let’s take a look at it. Was it referring to individuals? Did Saul of Tarsus commit the unpardonable sin? Was he not present when Stephen was stoned to death? He said he was. The record in Acts 8:1 attests to that fact. “And Saul was consenting unto his death.” Did he commit the unpardonable sin? Obviously not, for he was later forgiven and saved.
Great Blue, a 2-barrel brewery on the Suydam Farm in Franklin Township, Somerset County, opted to let its licensing and bonding run out.
and you
Both shows are at Les Docks - Cite de la Mode et du Design.
Mikkeller Black
It was Ostara morning, and the trout were spawning in the creek.
"Cuban mothers let me assure you that I will solve all Cuba's problems without spilling a drop of blood." Upon entering Havana on January 7, 1959, Cuba's new leader Fidel Castro broadcast that promise into a phalanx of microphones. As the jubilant crowd erupted with joy, Castro continued. “Cuban mothers let me assure you that because of me you will never have to cry."
Met Manoj and he seems young and vibrant; he is waiting for the chef to come on shift before he leaves the guy in there alone: I can work unsupervised, definitely. He has a subtle Irish accent, but I guess he is Indian. Good first impression.
The history of persecution is a history of endeavors to cheat nature, to make water run up hill, to twist a rope of sand. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Over a running career that has spanned 44 years, one would believe that a runner has experienced many things.
In the first book, THE HENRY GAME, Abbie, Lauren and their friend Marina use a home-made Ouija board to conjure up spirits and are haunted by the ghost of Henry VIII. Henry lusts (though not explicitly, so adult guardians need have no fears) after all the girls, but especially the lovely Marina, who falls under his spell and ends up in real danger. Meanwhile, Abbie is drawn to Marina's flashy, charming cousin, Nikos. Henry is a superb creation who not only demands the girls' attention to his royal commands but will not allow any other admirers ("Master Nicolas is a foul churl," he remarks, via the Ouija board).
-The ‘Precinct Planning’ Problem, set out rules for ‘build to lines’ to the plot boundary (or adjusted plot boundary if a setback for wider footways is needed), across a minimum proportion of the frontage. There might be exemptions for dedicated public open space.
To understand the nature of grand strategy is to see that we’re doing it badly. The late American strategist Col. John Boyd (USAF) said that a grand strategy focused our nation’s actions — political, economic, and military — so as to:
AvitalLeibovich: Summary of events:153 rockets fired at #Israel ,54 rockets intercepted,dozens of targets hit including tunnels,ammunition warehouses,etc. AvitalLeibovich: @zaidbenjamin since Friday afternoon MajPeterLerner: #IDF Spokesman Brig. Gen. Mordechai “IDF has eliminated 18 launching squads while attempting to attack #Israel” AvitalLeibovich: In total the #IDF targeted 18 launching squads ready to fire rockets on #Israeli civilians,since Friday #IsraelUnderFire AvitalLeibovich: Iron Dome is only active when detecting a rocket is about to hit a populated area. Over 90% success rate in intercepting #IsraelUnderFire MajPeterLerner: @SharonaSara that is Yoav, aka Poly. My CO, I was watching him on Ch, 2. Islamist terrorist cell discovered – in Lebanese army WTF?! NBC Enlists Al Sharpton to Instruct Rush Limbaugh on “Civility” Video: Palestinian Newspaper Rejoices In Israelis Fleeing For Their Lives
My New Years prayer for you:
As you may of guessed from the title, tonight I’m trying a bottle of Thomas hardy ale…but what you may have also noticed (cause I know what an observant lot you people are) is that this is a rather special bottle of beer because it was brewed in 1993, and as those whiz kids amongst you can work out…makes it 18 years old.
This movie contains a mild swear word, (commentaries contain sexual swear words) and unpleasant scenes.
Although that doesn’t square with me laughing at myself. Or maybe it does. But yesterday evening I had to laugh at the near neighbor, and he caught me watching and laughing; well, smiling, looking his way.
What have I received from ________?
I can now only hope that community-based art starts soon to receive as much attention and support as it deserves, but not just from the regular state or regional platforms, but from the artists themselves. Perhaps that’s the key to finally understand what the purpose of art is.
Taslin said, "Follow close. Anything could separate us."
Since most of the holes on my ragged life list are shorebirds/waterbirds, I have a tendency of just checking the lake. With the woods radiating with the sounds of new arrival migrants at East Fork, I decided I should spend more time in the woods than just looking for rare water birds.
Here are the rules for the winners (I didn't make these up, although I chose to follow them), and I am not in the business of enforcing). Take them, leave them, parse them up, whatever you please! =)
That's the pure act of discipleship. Jesus doesn't just call us to hang out with Him, then do whatever we please. He calls for radical obedience, right down to our sexual choices. To dismiss that, we dismiss Him. The question becomes: How much do you really love Jesus? Or do you love your desires more?
Vancouver Family leaves Paris next month. It's sad but I take comfort in the fact they'll only be a few hours drive from Seattle. If we really have a hankering, we can go see them. Of course, with the way Lucien tornadoed through their apartment, they probably won't let us through the front door. So we'll look through their windows and wave, and that will be enough.
7. Shake 'n' Go Buzz Lightyear
I surrender to this love
Miami exudes a totally mellow don’t hurry, don’t worry vibe that I’m more than ready to embrace again…its just uber cool and I can’t wait to get there.
so i learn something new about myself. i find it safer and most comforting to go to an unknown place than to one that i have been absent from for a long time.
Nevertheless, the failure that Neels Jackson is, explains further that four months of military training made him aggressive towards his wife. How utterly pathetic to use the excuse of military training for your own personal failure as a human being. He is probably still an alcoholic and wife beater today and still blames Apartheid or his military training for it. I would like to interview his wife and family to find out how he behaves behind closed doors.
Since worship is tied to religion and religious practice this all gets tossed about with the popular notion of being "spiritual" without being "religious." In other words, we can be "spiritual" without the trappings of "religion" and, lately, Jesus is "spiritual" but not "religious". There is a lot packed into why people may feel obligated to make this distinction. Certainly, faith is every day and not just attendance at worship. Yet there is also the consideration that if faith is every day then coming to God in worship is included in that daily faith. That is, faith does not pit worship against life or vice versa. Neither, it may be argued, would faith pit being spiritual and being religious against each other, or Jesus against religion.
It starts with a gift, when Ben Ryder Howe’s wife, the daughter of Korean immigrants, decides to repay her parents’ self-sacrifice by buying them a store. Howe, an editor at the rarefied Paris Review, agrees to go along. Things soon become a lot more complicated. After the business struggles, Howe finds himself living in the basement of his in-laws’ Staten Island home, commuting to the Paris Review offices in George Plimpton’s Upper East Side townhouse by day, and heading to Brooklyn at night to slice cold cuts and peddle lottery tickets. My Korean Deli follows the store’s tumultuous life span, and along the way paints the portrait of an extremely unlikely partnership between characters with shoots across society, from the Brooklyn streets to Seoul to Puritan New England. Owning the deli becomes a transformative experience for everyone involved as they struggle to salvage the original gift—and the family—while sorting out issues of values, work, and identity.
"GLITTERBABE’S ART is a digital stamp store specializing in a variety of images. my heart leans towards florals so you will find a wide range to choose from. All my images are done in jpg format only and all my images come with a colored image. Having that colored image is great when you need to create something in a hurry or just need that color guide. I strive for quality product and work hard to give my very best. I have tons of fun with it and I hope you do too! "
PRODUCT BREAKDOWN:
But after watching our kids play with these things for over an hour without growing bored or wanting to do something else, I think that they see the value in this kind of word-of-mouth marketing. I figured that I was sent at least $400 worth of product, if not more, and each guest left with over $30 worth of product to keep. , including 3 of their own Nano Hexbug Robots. But for the cost of sending out that kit to me, I think that company gained 10 new customers.
Shifting your focus from love to your purpose will save your time, money and energy. There’s nothing like investing years into something that doomed to fail. Time is of the essence. It’s something you cannot by back. Keep in mind this isn’t the move Justin Timberlake starred in called In Time.
Certainly there was nothing Tom could have done to prevent getting appendicitis, but it was a big reminder of how important it is to take care of our bodies. He works too much, sleeps too little and knows that he needs to lose a few pounds. But that's all easier said than done, as we all know. He needs to have a sleep study done because the ENT thinks he has sleep apnea. Add that to the list of fun things we can do while he's off from work for a few weeks, haha!
Instead, however, that line is used just as it was the first time, as the first line of what is now the second verse, and a very unique liaison linking the two verses together is accomplished.
Beecher Stowe
I have often wondered how things would have turned out for me had I actually gotten what I had specifically wished for – being released on 31 Oct 2005 instead of being sent to that glorious place of Pusat Serenti Gambang. There would have been elation, relief and excitement, that’s for sure. And I saw it on the faces of the other `lucky four’. But these would have been for an extremely short time. At least for me. In reality, there was practically nothing left for me then and this much-vaunted and desired `freedom’ was limited to just all those desires mentioned above.
She offered soothing words with out being condescending
11. Cupcake Project
"How you feeling Moon honey?"
Next Kilkenny:
One Direction heartthrob Harry Styles has been linked to yet another new girl, Ellis Calcutt only days after he was captured on camera smooching in Oz with American model Emily Ostilly.
Ok, enough for today… See you Monday
Tom's submission was brewed by the Worthog Brewing Club and was called Molstoberfest (the beer on the right). It pours a dark unfiltered copper color with an 1.5 inch thick head. It has a nice smell, including sweet caramel and crusty bread aromas with the slightest touch of citrus hops. This beer is medium bodied with an immediate malt sweetness with the first sip. It really is super smooth and drinkable and has a great refreshing carbonation. This is a very good session beer, you could drink quite a few of them...something Tom is known to do from time to time. I am going to guess it is about 6% abv. While the malt profile has the right sweetness, the use of extracts makes it just a touch thin at finish. This is a really nice Octoberfest...I am impressed so far. I give this a solid 3.6.
An Evening in Killarney
This is a drink Koosie, cut open, like a book...these were leftovers from a Sr. party us parents threw, just for them, which was so much fun, a great last time together as a class. If your Sr. doesn't have a party like that planned, you should head one up!
Tonight's Full Moon is the annual Super Moon. When the moon is perigee and closest to the earth than it will be all year.. Expect The Unexpected.
In addition to the bottle cap design change, consumers will initially see stickers on six, twelve and twenty-pack cartons of all Boulevard heritage brands, informing them to use a bottle opener. Prior to this change, only Boulevard Pilsner and the brewery’s Smokestack Series 12-ounce beers were sealed with a pry-off crown. Now, the only bottles not capped with this type of top are the 750mL bottles in the Smokestack Series, which continue to be corked and caged.
Top: Zara
I was reading on a crafty blog where they made a wreath like this. I plan on putting it out in March (My bday), July (Brents), and September (for Aidens). I am all about creating traditions for Aiden to remember his childhood by (especially at Christmas!). This was super fun, pretty fast (we were done by 2 and I had a 3 year old helper)
Olaf, Cafaror and Alurax faced it, with Alagon towards the end of the hall, using his bow to launch ranged attacks. The troll proved a tough opponent but although it floored Olaf, it was eventually backed against the wall, brought down and its head cut off by Cafaror.
However, Sudanese independence in 1956 and the new republic’s focus on pan-Arab fellowship created an unpleasant environment, and by the 1960s the Jews of Sudan emigrated to Israel, Europe and the U.S. In 1977, the exiled Jewish community made arrangements with the Sudanese government to transfer the bodies from Khartoum’s Jewish cemetery for reburial in other countries.
“The newsweeklies … have tried to be all things to all people, and that’s just not going to cut it in this highly niche, politically polarized, media-stratified environment that we live in today.”
Eliot Wilder’s evaluation of Shadow’s career is based on several lengthy interviews he conducted by phone with the DJ savior himself. Covering everything from his middle class upbringing in Davis to his first encounter with Mo’ Wax’s James Lavelle to the critical adoration that greeted Endtroducing… practically from the moment of its release, this comprehensive recollection does a good job of filling in the blanks posed by that most mysterious of trip-hop virtuosos (Geoff Barrow notwithstanding).
That would kinda make sense too, huh?
3. The bibliography – it’s so huge that you cannot follow it throughout the book. I gave up after the first chapter. It is a result of the author’s excellent research so can’t blame him for it. It’s just that it was too heavy for a reader like me to go back and forth at every reference.
...The darkness is so heavy that I can feel it. --Pg. 70 of an ARC of "Breaking Beautiful" by Jennifer Shaw Wolf
studio-george.com
Now, the search for Satoru Kobayashi’s killer can go on indefinitely.
Location: Side of the road.
I was telling my freelance journalist and author pal, Michelle Goodman, about how we are getting more and more inquiries from people thinking they want to be freelance writers. Some of the folks have been laid off from corporate jobs and dream of the autonomy and freedom that freelance writing work brings. Others are stuck in a rut and are dying on the vine at their current job and are considering career change despite the fact they might have a secure position right now — they simply hate it that much.
The first step is to clearly define what you are afraid of or worried about. Write in down. Put in on paper. Half of your worries and fears will be solved the instant you can define them clearly by putting them on paper. What once seemed big in your mind will look small and insignificant on paper.
This morning I ran a search on Twitter using "Tucson" as the search term, and guess what? The top twitter story on Tucson is about the Daily Show episode. I grabbed this image around 6:30 AM, Central Time, on April 4th, 2012:
Islamic jurisprudence shall be a major source of legislation;
To borrow from one of the most popular chants during the Bersih 3.0 rally - HIDUP RAKYAT!
“Just listen; he’s has colon cancer and has refused additional treatment for some time now. And yes, I explained briefly to him, only to him, a few minutes ago before he received his pain medication. You should’ve seen his expression when I confided in him. Said he’ll look forward to talking to us.”
The love border is from Gypsy Wanderings and cut at 4.472 x 1.389.
- Celebrating Summer Solstice! Possibly from my couch..ha!
Bleah. You?
oh, and happy
North Carolina BBQ Pork, Homemade Coleslaw, served on Buns
I am a few days behind, so I will share my tags from day 1 and 2 today.
The Country Women's Association (or CWA) is an organisation here in Australian, run by women, which aims to improve the lives of women, children and families throughout rural and remote Australia. They have been around for nearly 100 years and women from all over Australia have contributed the most gorgeous recipes for cakes, jams, biscuits, main meals, sweets, sauces, puddings etc to this cookbook. This is a collection of some of my favourite recipes. I also have the CWA 'bible', The CWA Cookery Book and Household Hints but prefer the "Country Classics" for every day cooking.
All picks look to have a chance to play this year. The impacts, however, will be at the first three picks. Overall team speed was improved with those picks. Coples, who in 2010, played well outside, will be the LDE in the 3-4, and may move inside in the 4-3. I know, I know, motivation. The one thing, though, is that he had a heck of a situation with the agent scandal down at UNC, and dealt with a coaching change. Rex is a players coach, and will get the most out of this kid. He’ll open holes for the linebackers to make plays, which brings us to Demario Davis. Being billed as a younger Bart Scott by Rex, he should see some playing time. He’s fast, and can line up inside and outside which should help when facing Rob Gronkowski and Aaron Hernandez.
Overall I like Snow. If you're looking for a pure white polish, this might be the one for you.
Ashraya is an organization based in India which operates with the purpose of providing aid to Indian children in need and abused women through the implementation of various projects. To read more about Ashraya please refer to this PRESS RELEASE.
The viewing was pretty good. I’d suspect up high you’d feel a bit distant, but down in the ‘bowl’ you had a good view. The atmosphere was also great with 60,000 in there. I’ve found you get a good atmosphere when there is anything upwards of 30,000 there.
One of my co-workers was sick and I convinced her to go home since we were so slow. Then I read most of a Calvin and Hobbes book. Time crawled on.
I do have a new thing to practise. I am besotted with my camera (remember, Bob, my son, gave it to me for my birthday?). When I'm not doing work/writing related things, or trying to shore up the pantry walls, I most often have my camera at my face, usually aimed at something edible. I cook, I shoot, I eat. Cooking and baking have always been the way I recalibrate, and now the camera adds an extra dimension. It's turned kitchen activity into more of a challenge, and thus more fun, more rewarding.
300g of flour
So yesterday I was on strike.
Hi, Toads and wannabe's. Fireblossom here, and have I got a treat for you! It has been my pleasure and good luck to ply my extensive (read: "non-existent") interviewing skills on our very own Laundry Goddess, Susie Clevenger. She's one interesting lady indeed, as anyone who has read her blog "Confessions Of A Laundry Goddess" already knows. It was kind of her to give me such cool answers as this noob crashed and blundered her way through the interview process. "Make me look good!" I cried, and she did.
"Goodbye to you! Goodbye to You!"
So, here is my first food thing.
I will teach 100 bible studies, even 365 youth lessons, and know that… all that is helping to:
Perhaps this is a bit my fault. Because I’ve always gotten better grades with creative projects, if there’s ever a choice, I consistently choose the creative option. Let it never be said that I take the hard way out of anything…
I hope you can join us for the challenge.
I've still been a bit poorly with little sleep or inspiration. I didn't venture into yesterday today and thought I'd be able to catch up on my sleep. When I leave for work in the morning at 07:30 I usually pop Ollie the pup in my daughters bedroom and he usually falls back to sleep on top of the bed, so I thought this morning I would get up and bring him into my bedroom. Wrong! As soon as I brought him upstairs the door bell rang, driver collecting a parcel which set him off. I returned with coffee and at 08:00 doorbell goes again, parcel for daughter. You'd think I was the only one living at my house, daughter still in bed and son just about to leave and i'm the only one who can open the door! Just settled again when Ollie found some socks on the floor and scarpered under my bed. I managed to retrieve them and hide them under hubby's side of the bed. He seemed to settle and I finally got under my covers set to get at least another 30 minutes sleep, right.......nope. He had sneakily pulled back the covers on OH's side and found the hidden socks and was munching again. I decided this wasn't going to work and came downstairs, let him out in the garden for him to do his bicon buzz. Then I thought a shower might make me feel better but someone, daughter grrrrrrrr, had switched the hot water onto off instead of timed, it really wasn't my day...............
I have my own caseworker now.
The slides I use represent quite a lot of condensed information on best practice, and the dilemmas we work through are real-life problems that companies face every day.
9. Black Hole Sun
it will always land on the buttered side.
Racked: 07-30-2009
Announced a day before the Mardi Gras weekend celebrations, the breakfast tacos were as much a product of my incessant fiddling with Lockhart leftovers and the posting of the resultant photos, my tweets encouraging the introduction of other tacos at the Bishop Arts District barbecue joint and the tinkering of the pitmasters and co-owners Jeff and Jill Bergus and Tim McLaughlin. The breakfast taco I was praying for and teased with the day before—one with Kreuz sausage—didn’t make it onto the menu that day. (“One day. We want to do it right, though.” Jeff Bergus teased again!) What did make it to the tables was an excellent example of the greatest thing
written in a time before computers and mobile phones!!!!
“They only live if you do eat them? Your sons, the Skittles?”
She said that the public is already confused with current enforcement methods and calls the idea “crazy”.
The ropes began to fall, coiling on the ground and spewing clouds of dust in “Falter”’s overly lengthy resolution. Dancers’ movements became slower and more contemplative in this section; dancers’ deep pliés and torso contractions offset the quickly disintegrating set around them. A walking gesture phrase transitioned into a gestural duet at the end of the piece, and for the first time in Inger’s work, two dancers related to one another in a way that hinted at compassion. The lights went down and most audience members rose to their feet, but other viewers’ hesitation confirmed their dissatisfaction with the evening as a whole.
Yellow pearls Kaiser craft
That got her motivated to finally do something.
We talk too much, love too little and lie too often.
Someone commented on yesterday's 8" square card that it must be huge and indeed that is true - originally I thought it would be about 1/3 bigger than the normal 5.5" square; but when I actually thought about it logically I realised that the surface area is 400cm2 as opposed to just over 210cm2 on a normal sized card - so it's nearly twice as big!!
This admirably compressed lyric manages to revitalize pretty familiar tropes: the seasons, suppressed sexuality, rebirth through its sardonic sense of humor: referring to spring “as a leg,” the welcome nastiness of “doing bad things/To my body,” nature’s erectness not necessarily achieving its full virility, but it being enough “to win.”
The best part for me was the chairs in this fancy room were all wide, probably as wide as two children can fit and recliners that can go almost horizontal with a foot rest. If a regular theater is economy class on an airplane, this theater was definitely business class. You don’t have to worry about bumping your arm with your neighbors because there is a mini table between chairs. Don’t go there when you’re sleepy because you could fall asleep in the chair since it is so comfortable.
Q: Let’s talk technology. Working in television must require a certain level of knowledge when it comes to various programs and what-not. What sort of innovations, if any, is your company going through and what does that mean for you?
Cases include Insurance Fraud & Domestic Surveillance.
"AAAAHHHHHH OOOOOHHHHHH EEEEEEE.....yyyyyeah, yyyyyyyeah, c'mon, c'mon"
You planted it near the other
February 22, 2012 – Wednesday
I have a room I wish to decorate in Victorian style and though I am fine when it comes to chandeliers, small statues, trinklings, etc, I haven't got a clue when it comes to wardrobes, table, chairs, colour of the walls, curtains, etc. Do you know anything about this or is there a book/magazine you would recommend me?
So whatever happened to that girl that said she was going to take care of this place anyway? She’s a real slacker.
we all have the same holes in our hearts...
"But smg, hwhy not show off all 72?"
-Mix the melted chocolate and make it smooth.
1. Riding my bicycle. I haven’t ridden in a couple months, and even though I’m having a blast longboarding, I just don’t feel whole, as ridiculous as that sounds. It’s getting to the point where I’m looking at people biking around campus and feeling jealous that I’m not – ha. Last summer, I biked close to six miles a day for work, and this summer, I want to add another dimension: exploring SF for maybe an hour or so after work. I love biking on city streets, taking in the sights and sounds, and it’s my hope that I learn more about the areas near and far from my workplace. Who knows, maybe I’ll starting bike vlogging again. That would be neat.
Washing at their identity.
Our very beloved Betty MacDonald Fan Club Honor member, Monica Sone passed away Monday in Aultman Hospital, Canton, OH at the age of 92.
Cools HJ, van Essen GA; Dutch Society of Nursing Home Specialists. Practice guideline 'Influenza prevention in nursing homes and care homes', issued by the Dutch Society of Nursing Home Specialists; division of tasks between nursing home specialist, general practitioner and company doctor. Ned Tijdschr Geneeskd 2005; 149: 119-124; discussion 116-118.
Tuesday: Spaghetti and Meatballs
22. They are hidden in a secret folder on my computer and I hope if I die, that no one finds them.
Overall, he just gets it. And I'm starting to get just how lucky we are to have such a dedicated and selfless and loving husband and daddy to call our own.
This weekend, I sewed my little tush off, baked some incredible cupcakes (if you like chocolate), made 50 cake pops, attended 2 birthday celebrations, traveled, and took engagement pictures for our best friends. As soon as I recover, I promise I will return you to your regularly scheduled craft programing. :)
The Cure: A Forest
If you’re wondering what we need doing:
Naturally, when I asked whether I may see the actual evaluation indicating all my mistakes, I was told, that information cannot be disclosed.
As the tree identifies trouble and responds in a life-preserving manner, so mankind, Christ tells us, needs a life-preserver. And as the shedding of the summer leaves is only beneficial if rains soon come, so our best efforts achieve nothing without Christ’s living water.
The banjo was custom-made for Kan by Brooks Masten (brooksbanjos.com). If anyone knows how to tune a 4-string banjo, fuck you.
This is the conversation Benson and I had the other morning.
First up was Don Bosco Institute or Technical College or something. It was an impressive building complete with a big gate that was open. There were a group of boys about 16 - 18 years old playing football and I asked one of them where the main office was. The office’s there but the headmaster’s standing there by the field, you can go talk to him, he said. The headmaster was a young fellow of about 30 maybe, standing with, I assumed, another teacher. All the boys gathered up around us as I approached him to see what the strange cyclist wanted. I felt a pang of nostalgia at his stern, go have your bath boys, and I thought of how cool it would be to stay here. But it was not to be. Today’s Thursday, he said, and Father’s at the church. He won’t be back for another half an hour and I don’t have the authority to let you stay, maybe you can wait and talk to him. Maybe I could’ve stayed and convinced the Father, but it was getting late and I didn’t want to take any chances, so I decided to try my luck elsewhere. Soon as I told the headmaster that he relaxed and started asking me questions about my trip, but I had to cut him short and move on.
and the new words ticker tape by me,
Even with a large budget, directly affecting the success of Amazon’s overall business is a tall order for a new publishing imprint. Amazon pulled in well north of $40 billion in revenue last year (final numbers aren’t yet in), dwarfing the combined revenues of the Big Six publishers.
Why did i follow a stout with this IPA, I'm not totally sure. I know I wanted to continue the high qualitity I had just had had, I didn't want to be let down with a lacklustre beer and the last Mikkeller was a pretty good bottle. And I'd recently re-discovered Brewdog's 5am Saint and fancied another similar hit of hops, so hoped this would provide it.
"After work. Who has a 7:00?"
(bottom) Illustration from Paddle-to-the-sea by C.Holling, 1941
I made the mistake of wearing a stern look inspired by Sean Connery (James Bond) in my teenage years, falsely thinking it would make me appear more macho.
If it is true that Paul uses God language in order to interpret and ‘define’ Christ, it is also true that language about Christ also in turn redefines the identity of God.
Convenient location with nice ocean views and with in walking distance of a nice little beach you can watch the sun set from this large five bedrooms, four bath split level home with a studio on the bottom floor. Situated on a cul-de-sac with a 2 car garage.
give running commentaries
Fetishes are wack and creepy and dehumanizing and, though they state in the song that “this ain’t no fetish…I reject your deconstruction of my taste”…I’m not buying it, especially not from someone who later croons “I’ve tried to taste the rainbow in my life.” …The song is called “Black Girls”. The boys from the group are White. I get it. It’s gonna be an ode to White guys who dig Black women. OOH YOU SO EDGY CHESTER FRENCH. Thank you for the love, I feel validated! This erases decades of Black feminine invisibility.
I didn’t know this book was considered a young adult book. I would certainly consider it a book for those the age of the grandparents as well as those the age of the girl. My daughter, a university professor in philosophy, recommended it to me and I am grateful.
Ah, the 4x4. Everyone dreams of watching a meet come down to the 4x4. And on this day heading into the final event there was the possibility that at the finish FOUR teams could be tied for the national title! In the end it was the Borlee twins of Florida State leading their squad to the #4 time in college history (2:59.99) to win the event, but Texas A&M (3:00.91) hanging in there for second place and the team title with 48 total points - just ahead of the 46 points scored by Oregon, Florida, and Florida State!
Sometimes I see a recipe somewhere and it just gets stuck in my head. I'll think about making it time and time again; then it will start showing up in my dreams.. just another sign that I spend too much time thinking about food, yikes!
I cradled my new record between both hands. Gently placed it on the turntable. Dropped the needle. Rushed to sprawl across my twin bed in the room I shared with my older sister, and picked up the stiff cardboard album jacket.
finally!! a project to post!!
"I am sure you will. He is a man who has all my respect. He possesses a quality of . . . how to express it? . . . of shibumi."
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to want and desire a relationship and agreement but have not been willing to walk an effective preparation as myself in restoring my self dignity and honour towards life so that I am willing to actually approach another in openness and self worthiness where in I am seeing me as being an effective agreement/relationship partner.
It was a feature I wanted to use for my Gallery so I could show my images in a similar way. To do this on Dreamweaver I had to expand the width of the container so I could fit all my images in each set on each page designated, so the images could then be viewed from scrolling from side to side.
A lack of shelters and court protections for native women? Yes.
Size: medium (weight 15kg, height 45cm)
Two dirty bathrooms,
The boys woke early, keen to continue their play, especially having spent so much time, in the moonlight, building snowforts ready for battle. Quite quickly though, Buzz came to me feeling ill, and we had to send local friend home - he was so disappointed.
From one of the 1709 Blog team's new members, Asim Singh, comes some pretty hot news from France. As Asim explains:
To walk in the gutter with a bottle of wine.
It is hard to be detached from any powerful life experience, much less a spiritual experience. Spiritual experiences also leave their rasa or effect upon the mind which can be valuable to sustain. Still we should not cling to them. We should learn to view them like the vistas that unfold when we are climbing a beautiful mountain and continue on with our journey until we reach the summit. Never let the experience be more than one’s inner calm or peace.
Yes, Mother's Day feels like ages ago now. But this post has been writing itself in my head since then.
See the generation? ... my "cousin/uncle" who is just 20 years old is technically a grandpa.
I still have hopes, dreams and love to give. I’m still alive and intend on living. I am willing to sharing my life again. I have my arms open. I’m wearing my favourite outfit, with my most valued possession on the sleeve. My best features, are the children I share my life with. I know I am loved. I am already happy.
This letter is to inform you that we have determined that the intersection of Columbia Street and Summit Street has met our criteria for signalization under the existing traffic conditions created by the DDC Columbia Street Reconstruction Project's Maintenance and Protection of Traffic (MPT), which includes a reversal of Summit Street between Van Brunt Street and Columbia Street, resulting in additional traffic entering the intersection in question. The signalization study was undertaken in response to community requests.
But why is the rum gone?
Still no electricity, but at least with water I am able to percolate some coffee on the grill and use our solar shower to keep everyone clean.
I am one of the girliest girls I know (and one with the longest neck, judging by that flukey accidental pic above), loving lipstick, clothes, toys and anything pink, while hating bugs, slugs and anything icky or dirty.
Happy Valentines Day!!! I hope that you all have a GRAND day today :) Me? What do I have planned for today? Um, well, I'd like to sleep in - hehehehe. We'll see how far that goes - LOL! The little ones tend to get up at the same time reguardless of when they were put to bed. Ha!
Contagious Mediocrity
3) Go for built in storage behind the bed. This unit is the perfect house for everything from photo frames to books and CDs.
The news you don’t hear…
I enjoyed the graphic novel/chapter book style, which keeps readers engaged and is perfect for young adolescents who can be hard to keep engaged. I do think that it’s necessary to read the first two books before progressing on to this one, as there isn’t much explanation or backstory given and the book is much more enjoyable if you have already gotten to know the characters.
Aside from price control, the group also demands for the scrapping of the Oil Deregulation Law and the imposition of 12% VAT on oil.
If you are in for another great work out I do suggest you try the Biggest Loser. That will kick your butt. Oh my! But I have to say I am no longer tired and have tons more energy and feel great!
Whilst in Bristol in 2009 working on 'Arthur Christmas' I abandoned ship for a few weeks and boarded the vessel moored at the Aztec West site. I served under First Mate Rej Bourdages and Captain Peter Lord.
We revealed that viewers in Malaysia saw 30 seconds less of the report than people watching the same news bulletin across the rest of the world.
Visible Voice Books, located in Cleveland opened back in 2007. It’s a independent bookstore that sells new and used books, if something you want is not available they will order it. Events such as author book signings and open mic are a regular thing there.
For those who wish also to support change in the world (that's me), emotional affinity comes easily between you and your peers. From time-to-time this year, step back and reflect on the deeper purpose of your life's work. Be sure to make decisions that match your own objectives, values and goals, and don't allow yourself to be swayed by others desires. Maintain your individuality. Getting in touch with your dreams will help you know which direction is best to take in your effort to expand your beliefs and be of service in a much larger way.
There were nights sitting in the car making out with my husband back when we were still dating. Nights friends and I spent driving around just listening to music. Early mornings that I miraculously stayed awake on my way to my five AM shift to open at Starbucks thanks to that car's amazing sound system.
Jackie Hayden of Hot Press magazine has mined a little nugget of gold here in band Lifeonland. We’ll be playing track 1 off their three track demo on the show today and really these guys are good. They could do with a little bit of tightening up but other than that they are a great prospect with an excellent if at times over exuberant guitarist and fantastic vocalist.
Welcome, Emerald!
It was just me, my friend, and my cafe latte.
The People’s Temple was a cult disguised as a church started by Jim Jones, a charismatic leader with close political ties in San Francisco. One of the biggest questions people have since the terrible tragedy has been, “how did it even happen in the first place? How did people believe a word this wacko says?”
DEEP RED-1975-Dir.Dario Argento-Starring-David Hemmings
Look at me go . . . . .finding the time to participate in CHALLENGES. This card is for the Touch Twin Challenge, TTC09, and the theme is WINTER. It's kind of refreshing to create something that's for WINTER, but not a winter holiday! :) (Because I am sooo over Christmas cards at this point!)
“There was no other solution,” La Nacion reported Videla as saying. “We were agreed that was the price to win the war against subversion and that we needed it not to be evident so that society didn’t notice.”
Married @ Mo Manning
with visions of dinosaurs stomping in his head.
Simple and easy Barbeque sauce for pork
2000's Selon Matthieu (To Mathieu) is Breillat's most recent film that she's written but did not direct, and it's also her most recent film that's still not on DVD in English (excluding Une vieille maîtresse, which we trust is coming).
130g cake flour
Ver 45. And when the Chief Priests and Pharisees had heard his parables, they perceived that he spake of them.46. But when they sought to lay hands on him, they feared the multitude, because they took him for a prophet.
You are forever part of my life,
Although not one of his most famous works, I was drawn to his piece called 'Outre Beijo' (Another Kiss). I loved the relationship between the two subjects and the way Britto shows the man with a heart on his cheek (maybe another way of saying he wears his heart on his sleeve?).
More detailed information, the background to the case, the trial, and the FBI COunter INTELligence PROgram (COINTELPRO) used can be found on the website of the Leoanard Peltier Defense Offense Committee.
Personality: ARTY FARTY
"No, Sir," I whispered, not sure if I was more excited or terrified.
2. no pickup
“But when I kissed a cop down at 23rd and Vine,
So Mr. Stansberry is not so much offering a solution to the problem of corrupt corporations and the government that regulates and allows them to operate in such a way, but instead offers a way to use the most destructive and dangerous method in history (usury) to make money off of other money by participating in the corruption. In other words – to make a bet that one or more corporations and the dollar will fail, and make money from that failure. It is a mind-boggling comprehension that this method of wealth-building is even allowed by law (legal code), considering the historical aversion and destruction caused from usury to most all past “economies” in history, and of course the writings of all but one religious text that is absolutely opposed to and abhorrent of this usurious method of profit-banking.
Writing volumes of books, yet to be published
Then, campaigns. During the 2004 presidential election, I worked for John Kerry. At every rally, and I mean EVERY rally, the song “No Surrender” played as soon as the candidate finished speaking. My dear friend Crystal will attest to this day it is impossible to hear the drum riff at the beginning of the song without thinking that it is time to move the press to the bus. Pavlov aside, that song was our anthem. At the end of the campaign, it had become a war cry.
Work out for an hour.
The idea that pubs close because they were badly run ignores the wider picture
Our brain cells manufacture an ample supply of calcium-binding proteins when we are in our twenties and thirties but as we age, the supply of these protective proteins diminish and leave the cells vulnerable to calcium overload which results in cell damage.
By the time Henry is 43 and Clare is 35, he has had a glimpse of what the future has in store, and he begins worrying about leaving Clare alone. The couple also have a daughter, and he's concerned that he won't be there to take care of them. In an effort to prepare Clare for her future, he gives her cooking lessons. After Clare prepares her first meal, and realizes that she can now cook, she stares across the table at Henry and thinks, 'Don't leave me.'
s t a r d u s t.
Doing more in a scene
☺ Find HERE YOUR ETSY USERNAME, and write instead of it exactly only your Etsy username. You can see these buttons in the image (where is written "knotme"): they will lead you to the Craftcult's Heart-o-Matic, and the Craftopoly's Treasury Hunt.
RR–I’ve been researching this stuff for about 25 years, but it’s always been weekend trips. Occasionally I’ve been able to live down there for a while and been able to do a little bit more, but the next step is to try to get some support, some funding support. I have one lead that’s promising. If we can do it, we’d love to set up a foundation to research these phenomena in not just the Big Thicket but areas where this whole range of phenomena occur, the window areas.
I believe that each day we have the opportunity to make changes within ourselves. Not only before marriage, but after. When I am sad, I know that I have friends who share my sadness, but also want me to feel happy. They are there for me and I appreciate all of them. When I change who I am, I try to be better.
Zaoli, Elnour, Gar and Manon were remanded in custody until Friday when they were expected to seek bail. Their co-accused were expected to apply for bail in a children's court on the same day.
This is the third and last drawing in this trilogy.
Above obiter dictum seems to suggest that disclosing the identity of business user who infringes upon somebodies rights is always alright. Disclosing the identity of non-business infringers (or ordering measures making it easier) was left unanswered. The Court of Justice only pointed out the need for the fair balance. Huťko believes that Bonnier Audio C-461/10 may shed some more light on this, so important issue. See e.g. current opinion of the Polish Supreme Court in its new case IV CSK 665/10 (the case was reported by Tomasz Rychlicki here).
In addition to the furloughs, Minton said the Kentucky court system would cut hours and benefits for part-time employees and increase the price state courts charged for criminal record reports.
i'm sending out love and prayers today - that is heavy on my heart. if you could take a moment right now and touch the screen (yes, it seems silly i know but i do that when you ask from my love or prayers) and think of someone that may need your love and prayers...i thank you.
It might. Publishing on FB is not the same as publishing in a regular journal. There is a a kind of dry-run sense to it, a built in obsolescence. I actually think of it as a place where genuine poems may be hung out to dry, as on a washing line.
So his name is James, and he blogs about all sorts of things at Walking With God. And like most people whose blogs I check out, he has at least given thought to the idea of fostering. A few years back he and his wife, Christina, were avid meat eaters, along with eating everything else that is considered normal today. And while many people who knew them thought that would never change, things did change. They started getting educated, went to a few seminars that explained some of the basics about food, and did research themselves. They actually went to an all vegan diet! How well they have maintained it I am not sure. I do know, though, that they have been experiencing many positive benefits resulting from this education about diet and the way our bodies work. James started sleeping uninterrupted through the night for the first time in his LIFE, and his allergy symptoms also seemed to disappear, for starters. Anyway, this post comes after he did a 12 day cleanse, and some realizations and resolutions he came to at the end of it. You can read the whole thing here, but I’ve quoted the part that really resonated with me about sugar, the health of our children, and the willingness to just go out there and be a mean parent in everyone else’s eyes because you know what you’re doing is right and best.
Do you notice that almost all shopping complexs have started their X'mas decorations? Oh I love X'mas, just can't wait!
How many lives would be saved if everyone obeyed the nationwide ban on speeding (i.e. “speed limits” posted in your hometown and on the interstate)? Similarly, how about if speed limits were enforced as strictly as the IRS audits tax returns? Do you think road deaths would go down measurably?
Tonight was so much fun. While we kept track of Santa on the NORAD radar, Lorelai and I baked cookies for Santa. Filled a plate with them and put it on the mantle along with some chocolate milk and carrots (for the reindeer). She also said a good bye to Elrod, our elf on the shelf. And then she was off to bed to anxiously await the arrival of Santa.
I am watching my new ex batt girls - and trying not to think about the disturbing behaviour they are all showing me - like the piling on top of each other even though there is loads of room and a heater so it can't be for warmth...and the hunched, head down postures when flapping their wings - even though there is no longer a cage around them to stop their movements. :-(
She's someone that I know personally, and I would recommend her products to anyone.
His legs were crippled by a disease, so the Moxx chose to travel around on a fast-moving anti-gravity chair. The chair also replaced his body fluids every twenty minutes so that he didn't sweat glaxic acid. He greeted visitors or friends by spitting in their faces.
6) Make sure you post these rules on your blog when participating.
A netizen said,”She used to have joo geok (rice scoop) chin. If she hadn’t undergo surgery to correct that joo geok chin, it will appear often. So she is a beauty that is made under the knives.”
in the bleak greyness of morning, i absently stir my coffee,
In less that 20 years, as Aurora Rose takes her first mouthful, her reactions will be broadcast on various family-related Twitter and Facebook feeds.
Let's see. Edit "They Dreamed of Dead Ships", check.
In classic Orwellian style, the G20′s meeting in Cannes has a tagline. It is, ‘New world, new ideas’. It couldn’t be anything else really, could it? Somehow, while ‘New World, No Ideas’ would’ve been far more accurate, it wouldn’t inspire confidence. ‘Car-crash World, Help!’ would be more accurate still…but the same general rule applies.
1 – Not Planning Before Introduction
He was then taken by his captors to the infamous Al Qala – the ministry of interior headquarters in the capital, Manama, and incarcerated for four weeks without any criminal charges being made. During his illegal detention, Al Raas was severely tortured.
as sun changes its way, is believed
Once again, if you drink beer, this is what people in any sort of power think of you, regardless of what beer you may drink.
The information was corroborated by two independent sources with direct knowledge of Malema’s affairs.
They will prompt you for this code at the checkout. Good for 15% off your first 50 card order.
The stamp is one of my favourites, Magenta Papillon Post and is coloured with Inktense pencils and distress inks and then the butterflies were stamped again and coated in utee. The papers are Bo Bunny gabrielle.
The photo above is of a voltage meter borrowed from a very nice plumber who came to my house to do some work. I photographed it and added it to my “Tools of a Trade” portfolio. I place it in this post because there is a simplicity to this time-worn tool telling you the critical information you need.
Next up, I’ve got two more Choc Lit novels to look forwards to; The Penny Bangle, the third in Margaret James' Dorset trilogy, and Linda Mitchelmore’s To Turn Full Circle.
Indian Calendars used manvantaras, yugas and other such durations, to date when things happened. The original calendars were of shorter durations and related to people and the later ones were longer and related to astronomy.
Please come tell me why
Part murder mystery, part tale of young love in a military family, this gripping story takes readers on a journey from Pensacola to Annapolis. Leo and Audrey must band together to rise above the adversity they encounter and find their true selves in the process. When everything’s
John DeCamp, The Franklin Cover-Up, Child Abuse, Satanism and Murder in Nebraska, AWT Inc, 1992
I started by mailing them a lead letter and following up with a phone call where I was directed to voicemail. I continued to call for weeks until I finally got the decision maker on the phone. When I did get him on the phone he just gave me objections and stall tactics telling me he was busy and asking me to call him back later to discuss their insurance program. It got to the point that in my sales meeting the partners of the agency suggested that I take them off my prospect list but I was determined to keep calling with the hopes that I could land a meeting with the decision maker. I was confident that if I could just get in the door that I had a chance of landing the account.
“We previously had services 40 and 120, running every three or four minutes. We now only have the 120, timetabled every 10 minutes. This is a joke.”
there seemed
The king catches my eyes -
Pappy slapped his hands together startling an alligator sunning itself on the bank of the small tributary, “Let’s go get us some choppers then!”
At least I am amusing.
"If your not completely satisfied with your Old Milwaukee, we will bail you out of jail, get your job back and unpunch your sister in the face! Old Milwaukee... It doesn't get any better than this!"
An entrepreneur?
This all sounds fantastic, bud, but I still don’t have that kind of money. At this point in the presentation, this is usually what I get. Did you know many universities allow you to continue paying for your home tuition with no changes while abroad? That basically means if you can scrounge up a plane ticket, the costs aren’t going to change that much. I mean, you got to eat and live somewhere no matter which country you’re in, no?
So what is the answer? The answer is a combination of things. First, it is about having a balanced view of your life. Accept all the parts of it. The good things and the bad, the failures and the successes. And then learn new skills. Learn how to deal with bad things or failures in a healthy way. Learn to accept them as a natural part of your life and not let them overwhelm the parts that are good.
This time he didn't have to go too far back - intrigued by some good (albeit mixed) critical reviews, he ordered The Fall, out in 2006.
Soft Paper warning: If you have a very soft or fibrous paper, when you try to pull up the extra tone it may pull up some of your surrounding colored areas. This might be more pronounced if you are coloring with colored pencils and especially chalks. This is not as big a problem with marker, which permeates the paper better.
What a wild turn of events. Where to begin?
The downstairs hole itself was weird. They made a square hole in our foundatoin downstairs, going all the way down to the dirt. I assumed it was to support the spiral stairs post by embedding it in concrete. But apparantly, the bottom of the post has this part — like a circle that you slip the end of the center stair beam into — and it is not supposed to be embedded in concrete. They spent much of yesterday mixing concrete and filling the hole back up.
I have a supply of walking aids, including YakTrax or trekking poles, but I have lately been trading my boots for cross country skis. We've also hiked over to the new outdoor skating rink at the Hamilton harbour (by Williams Coffee Pub), slipped on the blades and joined others slicing across the ice!
When: May 13, 2011 7:30 pm
I don’t like that the houses are waaaaay smaller. That closets really don’t exist. That most houses are attached to the houses on either side.
About the author: Nickolas Johnson is an Intern Scholar at the Oakland Institute (OI) majoring in Political Science at San Francisco State University. This backgrounder on Concord Agriculture in South Sudan is based on OI’s project, Understanding Land Investment Deals in Africa: Country Report South Sudan. Download the full report publication from this link.
I enjoyed that so much that I got another man in who took two days to flatten my mound.
"In consequence, a positive conclusion by the NAO on value for money up to 2008 was not possible."
The couple decided later they wanted to be paid back for the gas and gas can, the report states.
Hillary Duff is now a mom!
I've had my moments of gripe over having to share my living space with others, but I cannot deny that each individual that I've shared a dorm/apartment/house with has taught me more about myself and how to interract with other people in this world than anyone else ever could. I appreciate each and every one of them for the lessons they have taught me. I'm going to miss ( in theory) living with someone else.
A minute passes and police don’t know what happens.
I have been facilitating drum circles for several years. It brings me SUCH joy to reach and connect with people in this way. Drumming in community is SO powerful. If you haven't experienced it, I highly, highly recommend it. My specialty (every time I write that, I hear Wallace from Wallace & Gromit, saying, "It's our spec-i-al-i-ty.") is healing or intentional drum circles. I teach the basics of hand drumming if anyone needs that, we drum for a bit, then I lead a guided meditation. I rarely go in with a meditation in mind; usually, I just say what I'm seeing when I start, and go from there. After the meditation, we drum some more to send that centered healing energy out - or in, depending on need! It is always, every single time, a magical experience, and I am always, every single time, surprised and pleased by what happens. I have never led two circles that were the same. These circles are some of the best things I've ever experienced - and I get to make them happen! How cool is that?!
Let me know if you have any questions and have fun with this :0)!
If you happen to be one of the aforementioned LAMB compatriots, and therefore eligible to vote, you can do so at the 2012 LAMMY voting booth. Perhaps during your perusal of the categories you could throw this old salt a bone or two of a vote, but only if you think I am deserving - or maybe even if you don't. Now as anyone who collects comics or trading cards or anything of that ilk knows, there are always bound to be some variant editions. Below are your very own collector's item variant FYC ads. Enjoy. And remember to vote vote vote. And in all sincerity (see, I can do more than just snarky), good luck to all my fellow LAMBs.
Next Week- I’m hoping to do a full review of the Pathfinder Game Mastery Guide!
though hearing, they do not hear or understand.”
I had the ribs which were so tender that they couldn't be picked up by the bone as the meat just came straight away and I was left with a clean bone in my hand! These were smothered in BBQ sauce. Just perfect.
~Karen
has left this
What impressed me more about this particular piece of pottery was its incredible life-like visage.
The list of victims goes on. There's Gillie Christou, who was Maria 'is that a bruise no its chocolate' Ward's supervisor. There's Clive Preece, Head of Safeguarding at Haringey. Both have also been sacked, purely because they made the decision to send Peter back to his mother, rather than placing him with a foster family. Anyone can make a mistake, right? Both are appealing, of course.
Place tomatoes on grill. After about 10 minutes, add the jalapenos. In about 10 minutes, turn the tomatoes and peppers. When almost all of the surface of the peppers are black, remove them from the grill. The tomatoes will turn partially black, but when the skin begins to come off they are done. Remove from grill to a bowl.
wilted greens with smoked trout, echo mountain blue cheese, hazelnuts
Taking 100% responsibility for your life may sound difficult or scary but it can be very freeing too because you will know that you have the power to choose. Choose who you allow in your life, choose how you react to situations and choose how you perceive certain events. You can unlock from the shackles of blame and resentment and take your power back.
About 10 years ago, if gamers spent fifty to sixty dollars on a game, they were about analytic at amid 5-10 hours of abandoned amateur gameplay. A triple-A appellation like The Fable of Zelda or Metal Gear Solid adeptness action an added 5-10 hours. The notable exceptions to the rule, RPGs, adeptness cap out at about 40-50 hours. Aback afresh there were aswell beneath studios absolution beneath amateur on beneath aloft systems, so there was potentially added time for gaming. You rarely heard the complaint that amateur were not continued abundant for their price.
An editorial in the January 8, 2009 Daily Mail, a British daily, characterized Obama’s ascent to power as a “Victory for style over substance, hyperbole over history, rabble-raising over reality” adding that it was a victory for Hollywood, for “a man who is no friend of freedom”, “a victory for those who believe the state is better qualified to raise children than family” and presciently, “a victory for social democracy even after most of Europe has come to the painful conclusion that social democracy leads to mediocrity, failure, unemployment, inflation, higher taxes and economic stagnation.”
Now the new conservative government in Canada is insisting that they all obey the rules regarding tax exempt status; and they hate it saying; “The Conservatives are continuing their dishonourable attack meant to intimidate environmental groups, in a budget item that stands out for adding a needless new cost. Non-profit groups will be required to “provide more information on their political activities, including the extent to which these are funded by foreign sources,” budget documents say. And somehow the government has found $8-million, at a time of restraint, for the Canada Revenue Agency to spend on “education and compliance,” $3-million of which is for extra audits to ensure the existing 10-per-cent rule is maintained (no more than 10 per cent of funds can be spent on advocacy). Witch-hunts don’t come cheap.”
Earlier this month, Altantuya’s father Dr Setev Shaariibuu told a press conference in Petaling Jaya that he had offered himself as a witness in the Scorpene submarine probe, claiming that his testimony would be able to “connect the dots” between her death and the Scorpene” case.
There was a trial run of the competition on Tuesday with Bexhill High school students. The students, aged 12, were asked to build a cardboard chair that would hold the weight of a Brighton University final year product design student, Sam. Two teams successfully designed and built cardboard chairs to fit this criteria and their teacher decided that the designs were so good that they were both named as joint winners. A lovely, fun day was had by all!
The objective of my talk is to present the wax collage work of contemporary painters, sculptors, bookmakers and printmakers whose singular expression transcends both encaustic and collage.
In fact, ‘fun’ is the word she uses most often when talking about the movie. “I had so much fun on the set of ‘Grease’. I didn’t go to a high school like that in Australia so that dynamic was new to me. We all really had fun together and it made the summer we filmed that fun,” she says. Though her character was naïve, Olivia was determined she wouldn’t be a complete wimp and kept trying to inject some backbone into her. As her co-star, Travolta backed her all the way. They became fast friends and she remembers he would look out for her. “During one of the scenes at the drive in, he messed up his lines on purpose so they would do another take and he said ‘you can do better’ – he was very caring to make sure everything I did was the best.” The ‘Grease’ soundtrack, on which they sing together, remains a crowd pleaser with remixes like the Grease medley still a staple in nightclubs.
Lose weight and belly fat by drinking plenty of water
Writing this book was also my way of trying to understand how one of the great musicians of the early twentieth century faded so quickly from European musical life and was passed over by music historians. Zemlinsky’s talent alone should have ensured him a place in posterity. As one of the last in a long line of Viennese “complete musicians”, Zemlinsky excelled as a pianist, was a conductor of the first rank, and wrote significant compositions in all genres: lieder, chamber and choral music, symphonies and opera. Few of his peers could make such claims. But then neither did Zemlinsky, and his modesty, though arguably a personal virtue, proved detrimental to his career and legacy. He never developed the skills necessary for self-promotion, and he rarely programmed his own music. Zemlinsky was fully conscious of his abilities, which he believed should have secured his reputation, and his seeming inability to promote his own cause :
I am looking forward to having time just with Mel. We haven't been alone together in 10 years. It will be nice to take walks and talk without constant interuptions.
For my book Sugar Daddy, I chose some Duran Duran, Depeche, as well as modern day hip-hop music because the story features a young gay man looking for the love of an older one.
I said, “She’s my sister,
You can aspire to serve your country. You can aspire to work with honesty and commitment. You can aspire to for hard-earned money, rather than the easy way. You can aspire to help the needy. You can aspire to believe in equality in work. You can aspire to serve your parents till the world’s end.
'Shadowboxes' by Vanessa Blakeslee
Is Everyone Ready for Fun? encourages little ones to move and shake along as the cows dance, wiggle, and jump up and down on chicken’s sofa. This book is an excellent read along and the narrative is great for funny voices. The illustrations are very bright and bold and the text is done in bold speech bubbles.
Now, the Muslims knew this beyond a doubt when they looked at the land, negotiated for the land, purchased the land, and sealed the deal. But now they are offended by the presence of pork and have requested that the farmer get rid of his pigs.
......that's a long time.....
I’m not sure how he has done in Italy however I am pretty sure that if it doesn’t work out at San Siro, Aqualani won’t come back here, at least not permanently. It’s a pity as Aqualani in our midfield would represent a much needed contrast to the increasing blandness of Downing, Adam and Henderson. I may be wrong but I get the impression that personally he wants away. Time to cut our ties and take a loss, if only to trim the wage bill? Sadly I think so.
I hit the water and I’m heading under.
Check it out! It's beautiful.
While his family expressed concern about his deteriorating health, fearing that he might die in prison, Bahrain’s attorney general issued a statement insisting the 52-year-old activist was in “good health.”
Then, with our snazzy new Mickey ears and Wednesday’s Jack Skellington doll, we walked back to our hotel.
Further heating of the investment will release all remaining water. This occurs at 200C (392F). This is step 2.
But regardless, could the Minister get a move on, one way or the other.
The show would usually start with an opening chorus by the ladies in the company (whom, if the audience is lucky, might oblige them with a can-can) There would then follow 12-15 acts of a distinctively 19th-century sort: minstrels, jig dancers, banjo players, harmonizing quartets, acrobats, and so forth. Distinctive types of acts that have not survived the era include: the sand jig—something like tap dancing, but the dancer would pour sand on the floor and make shuffling and sliding noises; playing the bones, as in minstrelsy; the egg dance – wildly dancing around several eggs on the stage without breaking any; “tidy tearing”—rapidly ripping and folding pieces of paper into recognizable shapes; and (with the Civil War fresh in everyone’s minds) military acts, such as gun spinners, and drill companies.
Easter. I have honestly been asking if it is Easter yet for the last three weeks, as I have no idea when it actually is and some kids down the street were definitely hunting for eggs in their front yard so they confused me. I guess it shows how big a deal Easter is for me...Time to ask Kyle a bunch of questions about Jesus and not really get it.
We ran into each other again after a long time with no contact. We chatted a while about nothing specific and drifted into his admiration of women. We have never been intimate, though I know that he has always adored women, and still does.
It is finished! It is done!
Oct 24 - Green Eggs And Jam - Boone, NC
On his 27th birthday, I got a call from a good friend who had been down in Wilmington telling me Ballyhoo! was playing. Jonny and I had gone to see Ballyhoo! so many times, and I was actually trying to create a fundraising benefit concert featuring Ballyhoo! (it completely fell through) so it was pretty crazy that they were in NC (they're a MD local band) on his birthday, even if it wasn't for my event that had fallen through. I had asked them to sing Happy Birthday to him but of course it got forgotten and I was so mad. I went out back waiting for my friends to be ready to go, when my dear friend who told us about it in the first place came down the stairs to tell me her husband was in a fight. We rushed up to see what was going on and there was no fight, just the guys of Ballyhoo! standing around. They apologized for missing "Happy Birthday" and of course I had talked to the only guy without a mic to do it - HA. So, they personally sang Happy Birthday to Jonny just for me and my friends. It was a pretty awesome evening celebrating his birthday, a way he would have loved.
It is totally acceptable and reasonable to have dreams and for politicians to lead people with the promise of dreams and it is very successful, ask any member of the ANC, because it has always worked for them. It ensures a following and it provides financial support and builds esprit de corps within the group, but unfortunately it is also blinding.
3) The St. Michael’s Boys Choir Concert at Massey Hall. I first went to a performance of this superb choir over 30 years ago, and have loved them ever since. It is a venerable Toronto tradition to see the boys in their blazers, walk from their school a block south of Massey Hall. The program changes from year to year, so it has a freshness that some classic holiday performances may lack. This year, the junior choir did the most charming musical rendition of “A Visit From St. Nicholas” (The Night Before Christmas). I cannot recommend this concert highly enough.
The lonely and the lost,
Usually it's about 6 weeks after my order opens, but this time it may be longer because they've warned me next month will by busy for them... I hope before September ends... I will keep everyone up to date :)
Other blog reviews:
We can see that the path of the eclipse point and Jupiter on the ASC is mainly focused on India, Kazakhstan and Russia. It seems that this eclipse will not have an immediate effect on Europe or on the United States of America.
He closed his eyes and pictured what it would have been like. Coming from a tiny pimple of a town in the middle of war-ravaged eastern Europe, and next to penniless, they left their entire lives behind. He understood now how America, how Lady Liberty, had rekindled hope in the hearts of the poor and oppressed. They had fought against all odds, laboring day and night to scrape up enough money for the voyage. Doubtless, many of them had still come up short, and had to be left behind. Still, some must have managed, and some out of millions is still many thousands. In time, these would form the amalgam of American culture. And Lady Liberty, chaperon of the great unwashed, guided them all to her shores.
Conditions can make you lust
The evidence of flooding was clear. The wreck line extended all the way up the hill to within a few feet of the back porch. The picnic table and deer feeder were gone (and never to be seen again). The next door neighbor had recently built an observation deck and it had debris piled higher than my head!!! It was amazing to see how high the debris was in the trees!
The red hair's rather wayward and quite free;
Add sweetbreads, thyme sprigs, bay leaf, cover and gently simmer, until cooked yet still quite tender, about 8-10 minutes. Toward the end, add the sautéed morels and the juices from them. Then, carefully remove sweetbreads and morels to a dish, loosely tented. Also remove and discard the thyme sprig bouquet and bay leaf. Add the apple cider vinegar, mustard and crème fraîche and, stirring, reduce the sauce further over a higher heat until it thickens and nicely coats the back of a spoon. If necessary, season with salt and pepper to your liking. Add the sweetbreads and morels back into the pan to heat and briefly bathe in the sauce before plating.
Small Madison Window Shutter,Grand Flower Box
This year, too, Cooper is pitching. I understand he’s pretty good, though I haven’t seen it myself because I missed those games due to conflict with other sports my kids play.
Individual and group entries are welcome. For more information, see us in the library and check out the New York State Archives website: http://www.archives.nysed.gov/a/grants/grants_student_sraguidelines.shtml
1956
The finished pieces should fit all together inside your book, while it is closed, without going over any of the edges. Check this sizing and then double-check it. And then check it again. THEN, use fabric glue to cover the cardboard with your fabric.
Steven and I have made it our habit to have a running list of people we pray for every night before we go to bed. There are some that we pray would find a true relationship with Jesus, others we pray that the the Lord would ignite a fire that has grown dim and then there are our missionaries that we love and pray that the Lord would walk along side them during difficult and dark times.
The past week was very uneventful from the public viewpoint. Mr. Obama met with Senior Advisers 2 times and had 3 daily briefings.
1 obstacles
Sergei Udaltsov is one of the leaders of the left-wing, unauthorised opposition , says, “ If we are deceived again on March 4 then on March 5 we should begin to strike.” Putin’s opponents will be Genmedy Zyuganov from the communist party, ultranationalist Vladmir Zhirinovsky, and the leader of socialist Just Russia Party, Sergei Mironov.
Not only did I get my big ticket item, I got a lot of the other stuff I asked for too.
This has been my first full week without my dog. I had gotten in such a habit of walking her 3 times a day and I spend the last 8 days not walking. I am feeling it. I went for one walk around the neighborhood without her last week and basically cried the whole time.
CHICAGO WHITE SOX
-We have shared experiences growing up that formed us into the curious and (little bit) twisted individuals we are today
I plan to take the lessons I learned from the way Robert structured the Platform Building challenge and apply them to the personal challenges I set myself.
We got home late Sunday night and by the time my family got back in town (we didn't land at the airport near us) and grabbed some american food (a welcome sight, believe me) and then got home, it was around 10pm. We went to be early and woke up really early there, so I was exhausted...not even taking into account that we spent all day on a bus, sitting in an airport, or sitting on a plane. I got home and crashed.
Readers might wonder why John asks this godly woman to do so when he clearly acknowledges that she is already a good and faithful Christian. The various epistles remind believers of the importance of keeping the faith when facing temptation and false teachers. One of these is 2 Peter 1:5-12:
But writing a school story was actually a lot of fun! School is rife with drama and scene potential—think locker room showers, lunch times, classroom pranks . . .
You can join this party by posting your AFTER picture and then your AFTER-AFTER picture of one, or any, or all of the 21 challenges that you completed. I came up with this idea because I noticed there were a few areas that I was still tweaking after living with the new organization for a while....ok, really there were projects I was doing and wanted to SHOW OFF! Also, I knew I needed some accountability and figured I wasn't alone. So, it's been a month since the first day of the challenge, how are you doing? How is your organization holding up? What cool tweaking and projects have you done that you want to share with us? What have you learned along the way? Inquiring and organized minds want to know! (Organized Minds, what a great name for a band, or a blog, hmmmm.....)
Wow! That was one heck of a lot of cartridges used!
DETROIT: Due to a rain delay Friday night, the Rangers game has been postponed for until Saturday, which means there is going to be a double-header today.
….now now….I’m not talking about ‘that’!! However…no seriously…
For 60 years, George Kiprios, aka Rock 'n' Roll George, drove his beloved Holden 48-215 around the streets of Brisbane.
I made a card using Sesame Street Seasons.
Speaking of the experience of the suffering country and the brave militaries that fight every day, Cheryl told Daily Mail: “Afghanistan was an unbelievable experience. The whole trip was incredible. The men and women I met out there were inspirational, and so amazingly brave and dedicated.”
In April, the U.S. economy added a mere 115,000 jobs, according to Bureau of Labor Statistics data released Friday. In a normal month, that would not even be enough to keep up with new entrants into the labor market. But in this economy, it was enough to drive unemployment from 8.2 percent down to 8.1 percent, the lowest point since January 2009.
And iust her rosy finger-tips
Rumsfeld's great, too ... a Princetonian.
“It won't take long.”
Our goal in doing this, is to honor the Lord first and foremost. But also in illuminating to our children the "lost" meaning of this commandment.
Sadly, I was not able to go in more than once, as my hip decided it couldn’t cope. So, I had to walk around the outside and watch the fun instead of joining in “insert very sad face”.
Reading this book is sometimes like walking down a street in the Indian subcontinent, and at other times, it is like welling up with hatred, distrust, and disgust. The author writes from the perspective of many characters through an omniscient narrator, and sometimes, the bigotry of the Anglo-Indians comes across quite well. Forster’s use of sounds to recreate an Indian ambience works marvellously well: the temples, the echoes in the caves, nature impress upon me the hurly burly of colonial India with its multitudinous stream of people and their faiths and their India. Forster’s portrayal of Hindu-Muslim discord seems like reality at times, and at other times, like a delusion of the British. For instance, Mr Heaslop thinks his presence prevents riots during the Muslim festival Muharram. Forster, of course, doesn’t tell us that this is an illusion because Muharram is a time when violence is absolutely forbidden, and hence it is unlikely that the Muslims will pick a fight with the Hindus. A reader would have to be educated enough to understand the delusion of the British. But, I wish Forster did not have the Muslims thinking of themselves as Mohammedans. Why would they?
This week has been full of distractions. We are attempting to to move, having rented this house for five years now and have all the business of finance, surveyors and so on to deal with. The house we rent is on the market and we have to endure the presence of agents and possible purchasers trooping through the house. Added to which our car has all but died and we are in the process of replacing it. And I am still getting to grips with my new Mac, bought to replace my
Is when I am driving with my two children and I have someone right on my bumper..
Bret Michaels is the very first role model/musician etc that I discovered on my very own without any influence from anybody. When I saw him on Nashville Star, I recognized him, sure, but i didn’t know much about who he was. I didn’t even realize that he was Poison. But I totally became a fan of the way he was, the way he acted …. the comments he made were sincere and it was obvious that he was being himself, “take it or leave it”. He performed his solo stuff on there and I loved it, and I totally became a fan of Bret. Not long after, I discovered the song “Talk Dirty to Me”. I’d play it over and over and over and over, and finally my husband said that “You know, that guy you like so much, Bret, that’s him.” So as you see, on two separate occasions, totally independent from each other, I found Bret Michaels.
The Young man now slowly circles the party tossing one gold coin at a time back into the piles of gold surrounding them.
No, no Santa gifts. Why? When I was 6 or 7, I had a friend, Kim. She informed me there was no Santa. I was devastated. I mean, really, devastated. To learn that there was no Santa Clause! Would that mean I got less gifts? Why did they lie? But, but... So, my parents let me choose. Wrapped "Santa" gifts, or unwrapped ones like the years before when I thought there was a Santa. I chose wrapped (mostly-a few unwrapped). It's just funner that way. (Yeah, I know that isn't a word. It just sounded good.)
Dress: Next
-then stitches forming the sole of the foot (2a), alternating with the stitches forming the upper foot (2b), in the round (2a, 2b, 2a, 2b etc again, in a continuous spiral) until the sole and upper foot sections are the correct length.
The Mobile Learning Revolution Blog
Hooray for beaming smiles that make my day
Getting records transferred from Illinois. Lots of forms to fill out............
At one point, after one of those silences, he said, “You’re in good shape; you used to talk off the wall.” I puzzled over that one for awhile, then recalled that when I had been badgering him to endorse my book and he wasn’t returning any of my emails, each time I wrote him I opened with a bigger apology: “I don’t mean to be a nuisance, please forgive me, maybe you didn’t get my email” etc., and then even sent him a snail-mail letter on top of all that, until I finally browbeat him into at least agreeing to read my manuscript, but then as press time approached and I saw no blurb from him forthcoming, I bugged him one last time, and my apology had escalated to, “I know you must hate me and think I should rot in hell for all of eternity, but please know that our deadline is next week.”
Let me know what you think.
WELCOME! Thank you all for stopping by the Addicted 2 Scrapping Spring Blog Hop! As you hop along be sure to subscribe/follow to the individual design team members' blogs so you don't miss out on all of the gorgeous projects they are creating...and stop by our Facebook page, Addicted 2 Scrapping, and LIKE us if you haven't already!
Wednesday morning, with other members of EU Subcommittee F, to the Serious Organised Crime Agency in Vauxhall for a briefing on their work, and particularly the treatment of Suspicious Activity Reports, the mechanism used in compliance with European law to detect money laundering and terrorist offences. Their database contains 1.38 million records, which are retained for a maximum of six years, and are accessible to specialists in the law enforcement agencies under strict conditions. The ability of the software to rapidly identify links n=between SARS and to display them visually is an effective tool, and it was good to hear about an effective large IT system that is delivering results.
Row 1-3- Repeat pocket.
It was very busy so we don't really remember it. We did the whole thing live in a few hours and then spent most of our studio time beating out rhythms on old cars and steel pipes in a garage next door. It was for a song called "Dj Fool" which was supposed to be the big hitter on "Dr. Phil" but mysteriously it didn't end up on the album and none of us remembers anything about the song or how it went.
So where does MLF go from here? They have some exciting partnerships on the horizon, including working with the government of Malawi on renewable energy projects, as well as partnering with an online platform, dsenyo which will allow goods to be bought and sold on a larger scale. Pretty exciting stuff!
Well, for that, it would really be a parent’s decision. Private home tuition may not be regulated but tuition centre, to a certain extent, are ‘forced to compete’ and therefore, wants to offer the best curriculum to help the child learn. And with so many different tuition centres out there, it makes sense to review which are the good ones to consider. Hopefully, this e-book “The Ultimate Guide to Choosing the Right Educator for Your Child” can help you along the way.
He told us that the friend who had been kidnapped with him could not walk because the security men had burnt the soles of his feet with red hot coals, and then forced him to stand for lengthy periods. We never found out where the friend was being held in Quatro, so we presumed he must have 'disappeared', as had so many others. (p.96)
Download here
I finished the (insert the appropriate curse word here) project I was working on in my last post. I am proud that I finished it but it fought me all the way. The sewing went so badly that I went to my sister's house to do the button holes, which are no fun to take out over and over. It also convinced me it is time to buy a better machine. The project was to make a nice warm vest for my Dad.
responded to his
One of the main reasons I was looking forward to moving here was four seasons. I know we will get four seasons, but it's not happening fast enough. Last year, our first snow was on Oct. 10th. I remember it well, because I was watching it rain out my bedroom window, and then I started thinking, "Wow, that rain looks really...thick." Not like any rain I had ever seen before. Then all of a sudden, it was no longer rain, but little white flakes drifting down. I actually stood there and watched as rain turned to sleet, and then snow, and I thought it was the coolest thing I had ever seen.
Source: Borrowed from a friend
There have been a lot of fall starts in the Buffalo Bills’ search for a franchise quarterback to replace Hall-of-Famer Jim Kelly. They thought they had one in 3rd round pick Todd Collins in 1995. He didn’t work out. They thought they had one when they traded the #9 pick in the 1998 NFL draft for Jaguars back-up Rob Johnson. He didn’t work out. They thought they had one when they traded their 2003 1st round pick to the New England Patriots for Drew Bledsoe. He didn’t quite work out either.
01-Overture
Still, these quibbles could be easily fixed with better signage (you have a blackboard, chalk the prices on it!) and when the staff get more experience.
Gumption: initiative; aggressiveness; resourcefulness
How soul destroying might it be for the government to take most of your €9.20, only to actually fine you – and in this case a double fine of €160 – just for making use of the product they allow outlets to sell? Maybe the government will decide that people who wish to smoke must apply for a licence? If so, they might use the following points to get them going; Applicants must
how to sit
She has not reached the epiphany of having to make her bed and plays the "I baby" card, when we all know very well that if you call her a baby she protests with a "I not baby, I big girl!" and is more than capable to pulling her blanket up and putting her pillows in the correct spot to make her bed. Girls... they know how to get what they want.
6. ELIMINATE DISTRACTIONS.
making it too hot for her to handle anymore.
Children at the local children’s hospice, Little Havens in Rayleigh, have been given the gift of a lifetime after a team of home cinema manufacturers and installers kindly donated time and products to provide the children with a fully integrated home cinema of their own.
Where The Wild Things Are is my favorite picture book of all time. Anyone who’s read a bit of my blog knows that I love picture books despite being a teenager. Dr. Seuss’s books, Little Pea by Amy Krouse Rosenthal, and the Olivia books by Ian Falconer are all amazing, but Where The Wild Things Are is still the best and always will be. I want to write (and possibly illustrate) a picture book sometime during my life, and my main inspiration to do so comes from Where The Wild Things Are.
Andy Warhol, Gore Vidal and David Williams.
IGP.. cam mane nih ?
It’s so WOW.
Happy Christmas AND Happy Stampin'
Mila, who had gotten sick a few days earlier with similar symptoms, went to the goctor on Wednesday (I think) and ere long was reaping the benefits of modern anti-biotics. I put off going. My goctor is far away and it was the holidays and, besides, how long can something like this last, anyhow?
This is the story across much of Africa, where nearly half of the continent's 53 countries are home to an active conflict or a recently ended one. Quiet places such as Tanzania are the lonely exceptions; even user-friendly, tourist-filled Kenya blew up in 2008. Add together the casualties in just the dozen countries that I cover, and you have a death toll of tens of thousands of civilians each year. More than 5 million have died in Congo alone since 1998, the International Rescue Committee has estimated.
as the jar was filled.
Since I'm just not happy until I've got a million projects going at once, I cut into my Going Coastal stash this week! After much deliberation, I've decided to make a simple patchwork quilt. I wanted something easy and quick so I can use it this summer, but that would show off the awesome prints, so I think this will be perfect. I can't wait to finish this one!
So – it’s useful to remember that what’s financially good for a business today is not necessarily what prepares it for a sustainable future and just as the pressure to outsource warehousing lead to – what is now - an unhelpful distancing between publisher and customer, in the same way the current rush to providing ebooks via reselling models that ape print book reselling models may not be the best long-term strategic solution.
Wonderful band from Australia that I'm sure most everyone is familiar with by now. You may remember them from the excellent Signal To Noise Set compilation which was posted by Goutroy, and their "Bubble Head Breakdown" tape was posted on Mutant Sounds. Both are highly recommended. This LP was released on Cleopatra Records which featured such bands as The Metronomes, Cybotron, and Second Glance. Speaking of, if anyone out there has Second Glance's "Tomorrow", I'd love to hear it! Oh, there's a copy of this record on eBay right now, just in case anyone out there is interested in picking it up while they have the chance. Doesn't come around too often! Enjoy!
I got these as we dined on the campo in Siena. The place was a tourist trap, and this item was the most unusual sounding one on the menu so it had to be fresh, right? Wrong. The fried coating was rock solid, the olives were bland, and the “meat” filling was creamy and unappetizing. Clearly came out of some sort of Italian TGIFridays frozen foods box. The 4 I had sat like a stone in my stomach for the next few hours.
With new developments being made daily, paying attention to the trends is going to be crucial during this ‘Gilded Age’ for mobile marketing. Technology is on the rise for great things, generating devices that are allowing marketing to be more direct and personal than ever before. Your brand has a lot to gain from joining the mobile movement and implementing some of the trends mentioned above. As for the bigger picture, we can all take a hint from Generation C – the future of our industry – and get connected now.
Marilyn Monroe's Fragments
Awesome necklace, right? As proof of it old assness... the string broke after one day of wearing it. I might go find a different band to tie the pendant on. What's your favorite Spice Girl song or even better, who's your favorite girl band?
After scrutinising all of our families insurances, telephone and utility contracts, subscription of different types, retirement plans, childcare, dry-cleaning etc. we ended up with more than 2000 EUR additional per year (=165 EUR per month)!
Do you have a picky little eater at home? Or maybe not a picky one, but one who does a better job when you serve their food in a fun and bite-sized way? I sure did! My kids have always loved "fun" food so I've always purchased the sandwich cutters at the store to make lunches a little more exciting. But with the cheap, flimsy plastic cutters, they chip easily and then they don't cut well. Ugh. I hate that!
biggest disappointment of the day as we’d both been looking forward to sampling it again. It wasn’t that it didn’t taste nice, ‘cos it was fine, but it was a bit like a cross between ginger ale and cream soda with a bit of creamy stuff on top and didn’t make me feel like I was drinking Butterbeer, whereas in Florida it did. Thinking about it his might actually be a good thing as it saved us a lot of money by only having the one drink. I was also personally disappointed that the Pumpkin Juice hadn’t also been brought over, although several of the bottles
balance sheet of realizations but a petition in bankruptcy as it was
I tried on 400 dresses today. Ok, maybe not 400, but it felt like it. I can tell you that navy blue and horizontal stripes are popular this year. I can also tell you that I prefer horizontal stripes on my curtains, not on my posterior.
She said that suggestions Cameron texted her up to twelve times a day while opposition leader were ‘preposterous’, adding that they exchanged messages about once a week although contacts increased to about two a week in the run-up to the 2010 general election.
At times in winter the road at Shotford Bridge towards Weybread flooded and we had great fun riding our cycles through the flood water, going home wet through. One winter, I think it must have been that of 1939/40 there was a lot of snow and Alan’s father made him a sledge, much to my envy as my father wasn’t much good at making things. Then his father made him a better one with strips of tin nailed on the runners to make it faster. Alan kindly gave me his old one and we would sledge on a meadow towards Starston past the Drill Hall. This meadow had a steep hill and there was a beck at the bottom. We would compete on our sledges traveling at speed to reach the beck. We would go home in the dark with our clothes soaked or even frozen and our hands red raw with cold but we considered it all worth while.
In addition, meltdowns aren't wholly caused by the current scenario but are usually the result of an overwhelming number of other issues. The one which "causes" the meltdown is the "straw that breaks the camels back". Unless you're a mind reader, you won't necessarily know what the other factors are and your aspie child may not be able to fully communicate the problem.
The 1971 movie version of Richard Fariña's famous college novel, Been Down So Long It Looks Like Up To Me, was filmed on the Allegheny campus. Click here to read more about Fariña and this book.
Title: Fifty Shades of Grey
Chinese Wholesale Electronics Are Definitely on the Rise
As I neared the store, I gave myself a little mental pep-talk. You can do this, I said to myself. A pair of jeans do not define you. But all of that quickly flew out the window when I walked in and was accosted by 10 different long-haired, 19-year-old, sales associates, all asking me if I “needed help with my denim ”
When she looked out the kitchen window, she could see it was really pouring outside. "It looks like an inside kind of day Lulu. That's okay, we've got plenty of things we can do. I think later, I might even start a fire in the fireplace since it’s so chilly in here. Are you hungry" as she went to get some food for her. Mary fed the cat and then started the coffee. She went to the pantry and got some oatmeal. When it was done, Mary put some blueberries in the oatmeal and sat at the kitchen table and contemplated what she would do that day.
Love to you all,
05-24 Detroit, MI – St. Andrews Hall
That's a situation you really don't want to find yourself in.
Especially when these same determined men had just fought a terrible war over this statement:
The EU wants new legislation in place by 2016, resulting in the UK having to collect 45 tonnes of e-waste for every 100 tonnes of e-goods put on sale the three years previously. This law will only really affect retailers; however, it may lead to better deals for those looking to dispose of small electrical goods.
Thank you, my dear husband, for not calling me crazy (even though I thought I must be crazy) when I first mentioned the idea of homeschooling 21 years ago. Thank you for supporting me when I was a working mother of one infant with one on the way and I was commuting 3 hours a day to my job as a Navy lieutenant in Washington, DC. I was always exhausted--emotionally and physically drained--but you never scolded me for a messy house or a lousy dinner (a most attractive feature which you display to this day). You always tell me how gorgeous I am, even when I don't feel gorgeous. You have always given me everything I ever desired. I could never have been a mom to ten or homeschooled for even one single day if it weren't for your great love and support. Thank you for being my helpmate and companion these past 25 years.
Dear Valentine, may I
Anyway, I ventured out first to their place of work, not knowing exactly how to get to their new house. They own several businesses, including a tutoring center and a canteen at a school. Starting at the tutoring center and wandering to the canteen with Big Brother, I found Mom and Dad busy at work. Of course I sat and of course they offered me tea and of course they wanted to know where on earth I had been for five months and what on earth I had been doing. So I started explaining. As both Mom and Sister-in-Law are superb cooks, I included that my doctor recently gave me a diet. This line of conversation continued as she discussed the fact that I had indeed gained weight in five months. During this conversation, Dad wanted to know what I would like to eat. Twice he asked and twice I refused. And then one of the workers put a piece of cheese toast in my hand. So I ate it. What is a girl to do.
And our questions are:
But it’s not my album.
1) He traveled with a U.S. … Passport,
That word is imbeciles.
So that's how my weekend went from Army duty to sex shop!
“A common uniform for all enforcement agencies may not achieve this.
The only consistency is their insistence that I’m not someone to whom they may speak, but they must speak to Dad.
3) Fold the mixture until they combine well.
Hurriedly She pulled up the bag and with trembling fingers opened it.
Phreak: But why me. So I took Iron Stylus’ spot on the Showcase. Big deal.
But now this is my chance to step up. And I need your help for that.
I am very fortunate to have HIGHLY trained individuals to aid me in the practice. I haven't done any chest draw work before but was reminded it was a similar pivot as the waist draw. As they'd taught me before, from the waist you draw to the pit - an pivot of the strong hand's wrist straight up and out so that one can shoot instantly. Then press outward and the weak hand merges as the eyes remain on the threat, bringing the front sight into view. "Front sight, PRESSSS"
there's an aisle that you walk through before reaching the bed, and everything looks so oriental-western fusion, it's really nice :)
makes me feel good
Mary, everyone knows that you have never turned a deaf ear to anyone who has asked for your intercession. This makes me feel safe in asking for your help, even though I don't feel much like I deserve any help from anyone, let alone, you. Thank you for your compassion for me.
2) You must have entered at least one (or more if you like) of our All Hallows Eve Carnival game giveaway(s) or contest(s).
_____If you think I have nothing better to do than to sit around all day logged in to FB, then you are definitely my stalker
If you are interested in above profile, please walk in with 2 copies of your CV and 1 photo with print out of this mail, from 31 dec to 6 Jan’11, (Candidates coming early usually have more chances to get hired with less competition) at following address:
With its strongest record to date just about to be released, the band has big hopes of breaking into the mainsteam with their album and their soon-to-be-announced tour.
This one is my Sketch Challenge for Challenge Heaven, where I am on the Design Team. I'm not entirely sure about this one... it's the light colours with no contrast I think. I like it, but I think I should have used a darker background maybe. I like the photos though, they remind me of a very happy outing. The letters in the title are interesting. I found an old cheap fake scrabble set in a charity shop, with these little letters. They are plastic tiles with sticker letters. Well, who could pass that up? Perfect for titles :-)
This will be of interest only to readers in the United States. Those of you from other countries probably don't have to worry about this kind of administrative b*llshit.
Maybe what I’m actually concerned about is what the implications may be for my own future children and the kids of my peers. Are they just going to remember being over-stimulated, over-digitized, and over-exposed? And in thirty years will we have retreated back to landlines and more thoughtful privacy rules because we finally tired of loving Big Brother? I adore my 2-year-old goddaughter — my brother’s youngest child — and she definitely said to me over Christmas, “You have an iPod.” One of my colleagues told me that her daughters — who are approximately 7 and 5, respectively — will take a picture and say, “Mommy, are you going to post this on Facebook?” Frightening, but a result of what we have created collectively.
The 2011 Mobile World Congress website has launched! Tour the site to learn about exciting new details for the must-attend event in the mobile industry.
~meow
The relentless Achiever can stop and ask herself, do I really want to be doing all of this? Is this really me? What sacrifice am I making for my self-interested accomplishments? If I’m telling myself that I must do these things for the sake of my family, am I certain that is true? When the Achiever sees through her projections, she can finally take a long, languorous breath and start regaining her balance. Indeed, she might find that she truly loves what she is doing, but she is no longer driven by fear of failure or by compulsion. People around her can feel her transformation. Suddenly she is warm and vulnerable and capable of deeply connecting with others in her life. Even her dog greets her with more excitement when she returns home after a “not as long” day at the office.
And held her in his hand.
Squawvine’s name refers to its use by Native American women as a remedy for a range of conditions. Squawvine is also referred to as “partridge berry” because some people consider the other name to be insulting to Native American women. Squawvine is also known as squaw vine, squaw berry, checkerberry, deerberry, winter clover, twinberry, and hive vine.
know you are safe
We'll hit the bookstore afterwards and have dinner out at Pip's favorite restaurant.
Mary Bard Jensen is very funny, indeed but you'll enjoy Clyde Jensen, Cleve and Mary Alice Bard as well. A wonderful family!
The 2012 New York Auto Show revealed BMWs newest addition to its already stunning 2013 line up. The 2013 BMW X1, manufactured in Germany, will be available stateside this coming fall!
“Come, follow me,” Jesus said, “and I will make you fishers of men.”
Come, south wind, that awakens love!
So how does one stay on track when out of town?
Heat one stick of butter and bacon grease in same pan as you used for onions and garlic, add in another tablespoon of olive oil, raise heat to high and sauté livers in single layer in pan. Turning often, you just want to cook them until barely pink about 5 minutes total. Add salt and pepper, and add garlic powder to livers. Add onions and garlic back to the pan and raise heat on pan and add wine and brandy. Let reduce for about 3 or 4 minutes until wine and brandy evaporate and you get a thick sauce that forms on bottom of pan. Remove livers and onions from heat and let cool 15 minutes.
Other places with the in italy pashmina of the in italy pashmina in Italy. The region is the in italy pashmina and the region offers fantastic bike trails for exploring the in italy pashmina and rugged terrain. Lakes, mountains, plants and unique animals are bountiful throughout Italy's parks. Regions where national parks in Italy, this section elaborates upon the in italy pashmina, which places Italy as the in italy pashmina and regions you visit in the same time presents the in italy pashmina of development and definite growth. This distinctive blend, in combination with various economical factors, easily places Italy as the in italy pashmina and beauty. It is not uncommon in Italy today. Italy is a long peninsula, shaping like a boat. To its west it has the in italy pashmina of the in italy pashmina, Italy has much to offer both individuals and families. For the in italy pashmina and unexpected treasures tucked into alcoves or painted on the in italy pashmina are making the in italy pashmina, which were once as high as 50% of the in italy pashmina of these foreign nationals a second and oftentimes more affordable residence in one of the in italy pashmina in the in italy pashmina it comes to investment real estate market.
Boil My Water involved putting together a solar oven based on the pictures on the side of the box and then waiting for a kettle of water to boil. Light My Fire involved gathering firewood and clay and transporting it a mile down the road by donkey. DONKEY. Unsurprisingly, due to the aforementioned donkey variable, all teams but the Border Patrol chose Boil My Water. While Border Patrol get themselves a bit lost and start snapping at one another, the other teams aren't having such a breezy time of it with the solar oven assembly. Both Team Bubba Gump and the Dixie Chicks ace the putting-it-together portion despite other teams' vocal disbelief in their abilities. The Dixie Chicks make the mistake (in my opinion) of helping the Meatheads who present the offer as mutual but really just mooch while making superior comments about how the "girls can't build" while managing to cut themselves on the solar panels. Yeah. About that. Great building skill there...
The men are so undesirable as to be chilling. Hannah’s perpetually disappointing fuck-buddy Adam (Adam Driver), an “actor,” hangs out in his apartment with no shirt on — clearly imagining that he’s far more all-that than he is. Hannah’s awful sex scenes with him will make you grip the arms on your chair.
Ad nauseum.
1) A mother's love is the most important ingredient in the growth of a child.
(4) Ambrose Joshua Smith
The kind of day to write a letter.
we forget about all things mummy related here on Whoa Mumma and fantasize about fabulous footwear!
In The Blue Nowhere, Jeffery Deaver tells us about Wyatt Gillette, a computer wizard, by focusing our attention on Gillette’s hands. Gillette has thick yellow calluses on the tips of his muscular fingers, and even when Gillette is not at a computer, his fingers move constantly as if typing on an invisible keyboard. I know somewhere in the novel Deaver described Gillette, but did he really need to? Don’t we get a feeling for the character from those two significant details?
These examples combined with Flit’s marriage to a woman he loves but was not in love with, goes some way toward explaining his actions at the start of Asemu’s story. The only way Flit knows how to be a dad is not to be there.
My stomach is still sore today.
“You’re going to listen to an anti-abortion protester?”
We have added a small classroom into the main store ... so we now have a couple of paper stands for sale. They are going for R600-00. If you are interested - let me know asap.
My constant companion in what I have done
The colors are beautiful in purples and greens and the yarn is a dream to work with, but, don't you know this was the hardest design I had faced yet! I wanted to show off the colors while designing something based around earth but anything resembling rocks or tree roots was just not working for me. Then I became inspired by my back yard.
And did I mention that I crocheted with it and it works like a charm!
Simply come along to the next Entrepreneur Connect Networking event at Adam Street Private Members Club and you will have the opportunity to give a 60 second elevator pitch infront of a film crew!
Our sea life is never poached and our corals are not harvested live. Our sea life comes from reputable sources - ones that adhere to strict environmental standards which protect endangered species and regulate how sea life is harvested -- both which are very important and are in line with our own values and views. Most of our corals are vintage or farm raised and most shells are beautiful byproducts of the food industry.
私が特に気に入ったのはこの彫刻とジャーク・タティのシルエットとアクリル塗料で描いたこの不思議な顔の絵とこの鶏の面白い肖像でした。 Among many works, I was particularly drawn towards these sculptures, Jaques Tati’s silhouette, this mysterious looking face painted in acrylic, and those delightful chicken’s portraits.
Draft number four came out of my blood, sweat, and tears and went down to two pages. Only two pages. Down from eight. If my math is correct, that is a 75% reduction.
But right now, lets check out this week's featured blogger
I don’t think I can ever be as good as the Belizean artists I saw while I was visiting. They have such a great understanding of color…it is absolutely fascinating. I HOPE that some day I can come close to doing what they do….but it will definitely take lots and lots of practice. The way they mix colors and their color choices are truly something only a fantastic painter can master. I’ve tried this technique a few times before and, unfortunately for me, it never goes well.
Peter O'Toole (My Favorite Year)
It is quiet in the apartment today.
The problem was, during that entire two hours, almost nobody showed up. Maybe five or so customers, a few of whom did buy the book. But for the most part, I wandered the store, chatted books and music with the staff, got wired on caffeine and fat on cookies. The manager, bless her heart, was very gracious and offered that the weather probably played a factor (in Oregon, you take advantage of those rare sunny days when they arrive). And on a nice day, during a weekend, most of downtown was as devoid of people walking the sidewalks as an apocalyptic sci-fi movie.
It was IMX that organised the two-day conference You Are In Control, held prior to Airwaves at the Saga Hotel, which brought together an international assembly of industry moguls, keynote speakers and local musicians in Reykjavik.
Darkside Fermentation will end its association with the Root Cellar at a second anniversary block party on February 11th. One of the goals of the celebration is to reduce the present stock as much as possible to make way for the Root Cellar's new brewer and new beers.
Hope everyone is well! In the far north, spring has finally arrived - or so I thought. Apparently, we are doomed for more snow tomorrow or the day after. Who is in charge of this and why haven't they been fired? Hopefully the forecast has it all wrong...
“Mr. President, may I have a moment of your time?” Mrs. Pickett asked knowing he won’t listen, but Grace insists on trying one last time.
He explained how he had been ‘ripped off’ by an English couple out here, as well as the problems he has had with his in-laws and in-laws partners after a death in the family. Oh my God, aren’t some peoples lives complicated??
About Vueling
So, fellow Omnomavores…you’ve gotta take a trip to Woodbridge and meet the funky, fun, and geeky cast of brewers at New England Brewing Company. Taste what’s on tap, but most importantly come home with lots of their beer and support local brewers! Brewhaha!
Mattias looked up at the comment, and squinted as he tried to look into Stacey's soul. Stacey didn't notice. He was looking past all things physical and into the void within himself that was being filled. Mattias saw deep and finally smirked, "And so you might." Mattias didn't wait to see if Stacey had heard him, but walked away, leaving Stacey to his thoughts.
To start, he apparently doesn't eat nachos.
To Your Success!
Citizen Times: And what is that perspective?
Beliefs like “I’m not good enough, I need to change, I’m not worthy of Love, Money (x,y,z….)” combined with a WANT for these precise things equal a conflict in the messages we are sending to the Universe. I have seen person after person do affirmation work, loving their world, but NOT address core issues of doubt.
Tommy Want Wingy: Great taste! Clean lemon flavor (I later learned the team used lime in the recipe.) Great heat and flavor as well. A team member said the team worked for MONTHS on the recipe, and it shows.
What I did miss was a proper, old-fashioned bar-cum-lounge area for mingling and chilling between creators and punters. A food court in a huge corridor surrounded by legions of be-leotarded zumba instructors just doesn’t cut it.
Odin of the one-eye, a Cyclops in the sky
Are developers using beta access and another demo or are they actually seeking help in developing a better game through thorough stress testing in a beta?
There are few polishes I get - indie or otherwise - that I know I will use all the time and will need back up bottles of. This is one of them. I immediately knew that not only was this going into my permanent collection, but I needed back up bottles ASAP.
What follows are a series of testimonials from people holding different positions in different circuses. Some people love their work and some people dislike it. However, everyone can agree that the life is exhilarating!
Date: 17.3.2010
Music venues are everywhere in Philadelphia, from the ones that work with Live Nation and Ticketmaster like The Electric Factory and the Theater of the Living Arts, to the more independent venues such as The Trocadero, the newer Union Transfer, and yes even the First Unitarian Church, which has rented out their church since the mid 1990’s to R5 Productions who put on various punk and alternative shows at the church.
The next morning Jonah and Cindy are in town, turning the remains in to the sheriff and collecting the bounty. Cindy is excited that she'll be able to ride with Hex but just then a man and woman run up and start hugging Cindy, saying that she was a runaway. Cindy's dad starts to give Hex a reward for finding their daughter, but Jonah shrugs him off, still counting his reward from bringing in the killers.
Thank you for looking:)
Do you have a favorite superstition?
What's amazing to me on Apple's iTunes site as well as Amazon's is how comfortably traditionally pubbed books rub shoulders with the indies. At Barnes and Noble, not so much.
And for Hi Sugarplum! readers,
In restaurant menus, crab cakes are often found sitting prettily on top of pasta dishes as a main course. To round out my Valentine's dinner, I zoomed in on a recipe that I had snagged some time ago but hadn't yet tried. Roasted Red Pepper Puree with Prosciutto and Pasta appears to be a great complement for my love of crab. The sauce is rich and flavorful enough to stand on its own with the pasta, but the crab cakes elevate the meal to something even more special. Valentine's Dinner is crab cakes and pasta On My Plate.
Last Thursday Ruche released their Spring & Summer Guide. They filled their little magazine with DIY projects from their customers and readers. I was fortunate enough to have my DIY Tassels featured! Here is the tutorial again! I hope you enjoy and take the time to create a little tassel banner for your summer entertaining!
‘Yes this is a common problem. You ordered an unhappy meal, sir?’
Age: Approx 233 years old
They remind me of a time in my life that was fraught with emotion - the highs and lows - and filled with the pursuit of fun. They remind me of afternoons spent playing 500 and drinking vodka and fresh lime. Scrabble championships. Sofas that were always full of Australian backpackers. A front door that was always open to friends (even at 4am).
True to its name, the company has a large selection of nuts as well, including 115 different products in the almond category, 34 cashew choices and 25 walnut selections. Hazelnuts, chestnuts, peanuts, soy nuts and macadamia nuts rank among your other options.
"Come on," Crater-face gestures at us. "Let me give you a tour of our facilities..."
Get the tattoos I have planned
deal of pain from major back surgeries, but my son fixed
she staggers a little in
Off to bed with a soft kiss
7. Hark, The Herald Angels Sing by The Vince Guaraldi Trio
Yes, that’s right–zombies would suck at hide and seek. They aren’t thinking beings anymore. They lack curiosity, creativity, problem-solving skills, etc.. All you’d need to do to survive a zombie infestation is lock your doors and not go out. There–problem solved. Hell, climb a ladder atop a roof and then vandalize the rungs and you’d be safe forever, provided you didn’t starve (don’t worry, though, since zombies aren’t going to be able to topple society, somebody will be along sooner or later).
Needle and thread
Every revolution needs a catchphrase. The Tunisian uprising’s iconic image is a protestor holding a placard proclaiming: “Game Over”, as indeed it is for President ben-Ali. Note please that “Game Over” is English, not French or Arabic, the local languages.
Just found this... via NPR... and we are already CRAZY about it!
"One is in enough trouble with the Queen of England as it is!" he shouted at me. "I put you in charge of sorting out my son's wedding shindig, and you go and schedule it on the same day as Lizzie's bash!"
I began squirming with pleasure. The hands continued their gentle kneading of my boobs while the tongue teased my clit. Occasionally the tongue would be flicked into my pussy. “Oh yes!” I cried, “Fuck me with your tongue!”
A layout will be drawn at random using random.org and will be posted on the blog on the following Monday after the link closes with the new challenge announcement. Our team will then send out a cute prize to the winner! International readers are welcome to play along but currently we are only shipping prize packs to the US and Canada due to shipping costs.
Tuesday 27th March 2012
The insured is now facing the most psychologically-devastating event of his career. He is used to being the breadwinner—supporting his family and their lifestyle. Accustomed to being 100 percent healthy, he is now facing a nightmare. He’s no longer a vice president. He’s now a claimant who needs to trust that his LTD insurer will treat him well. He has a natural apprehension about insurance companies. Many people have experienced difficulty when filing a claim or read a negative article about a company not paying their claims.
And they never felt the wrath.
Dr. Grob talks about Ayahuasca, Hallucinogens, Autism, bipolar disorder, patients with terminal cancer, alcoholism, drug dependencies, tribes experiences, coca, indigenous wisdom, occidental science, nature, Amazon, human emotions.
There will be knock-on effects throughout the education system, also. Young people will be questioning the need to go into Higher Education (I'm told that many are doing so already). The universities themselves will be adversely affected by a reduction in student numbers. Many degree courses and even departments may need to close.
My boss is really nice. I was sitting with her yesterday going over some stuff (she was kind of quizzing me to see how I was catching on) and we were talking about stuff and I said something about not wanting to talk badly about my last company since they were so good to me when we lost Cadynce, and we got off on a whole tangent. It turns out she has had recurrent losses. Lost a son in the 2nd trimester with a cerclage, then went on to have a TAC, then got pregnant again with IF treatments, waters broke at 20 weeks and was in the hospital on complete bed rest, at 24 wk 5 days the baby had no AmF left so they did a c-sect. her daughter was in the NICU for 4 months, but it a healthy normal 3 year old now.
There are things you can't have in New York City. Many things. You can't watch the sunrise from a mountain top, hear the wind blow through alpine forests, or see the black of night. Much of what nature giveth, New York City taketh away.
"Then what brings you out here?" The skipper took off his felt cap and raked fingers through his hair. "Most people come to see the Yongala. I dove down myself a few years back - very interesting spot."
The other trend (you may not actually call this a trend but whatever) is navy and orange. I've stared longingly at the Ann Taylor storefront with their navy, orange and white ensembles and wanted to buy something. Then I realized I didn't have to--I had all the pieces to put together already. Shocking, I know. But aren't you proud? I walked away. Yeah, don't be proud. It's been a bad shopping month. That's the only time I think I resisted in the last 2 weeks.
Right after topping the CPA exams, Charles was taken in by Madison and Madison – they aren’t related, it just so happened they had the same last name. He started at the bottom of Madison and Madison, slowly working his way to the top. The air was always fresher at the top, he mused one day as he entered his office. There was no one there. Charles loved coming in before everyone else. Today was no different. Oddly enough, he could hear the ticking of a clock. It didn’t really bother him at first, but when everyone started coming in, the ticking wouldn’t stop. I must be going crazy, he thought just for a moment before the daily meeting started.
The rustling leaves beneath my feet
Both homes feature a wrought iron fence.
I expected this blog to feature me eating a hefty dose of crow. By way of background, in my entry about Edward Glaeser’s “Triumph of the City,” I said I was frustrated that people act as if New York City was on the verge of collapse in the sixties and seventies. I asserted that it couldn’t possibly be that bad. Then I saw T.J. English on The Daily Show and read the book jacket of “The Savage City.” The entire premise of the book was about how awful New York City had gotten in those decades. Because I like to know when I’m wrong, I picked up the book.
2 out of 5 – Drinking, Drugs, and/or Smoking – At a bar, Phoney and Smiley enjoy several beers. Speaking of Smiley, literally every panel he’s seen in always depicts him with a cigarette in his mouth.
Thanks so much for stopping by my blog today, it means so much!
My next stop was at the claim of an Old Timer name of Mr. Scottish Book Trust. They call him “Scotty” for short. I waited a while at the mouth of his tunnel & then who should appear but his daughter! I pulled Seven of my Best Writing Tips out of my Carpet Bag and traded them for a few "feet" of her mine. Heather seemed pleased with the trade, so my 13th stop turned out to be a lucky one.
This week our hostess is Sarah Gough - THinkING STAMPS and she's asking us to Get Wordy! For this challenge, use a sentiment stamp to create a background or layer on your card by stamping it repeatedly.
I swear I had no idea that this would happen, I agreed to take little Cheddar at such young age because his momma is kind of forgetful and she forgets most of the time about her newest litter of kittens. That's what happened to Magia and she doesn't even know how to bathe herself... So I thought, if Mia is such a good mother and is already nursing a 4 kittens litter we could kind of mix him into the litter for Mia to raise... As I just said, that didn't worked. So I had to call all of the new guardians of my grandkittens so they can pick them up ASAP; I want them to be happy.
In fact the movie does not cover much after the US and NATO arrival in 2001.
Good news: Episode 3 is filmed and in the editing stage, about half finished. I still don't have a good videocamera (insurance process is slow), but I managed to get stuff recorded on our zi6. I was hoping to have it done for the weekend.
I still don’t know who is evangelical. And asking, “Is your church evangelical?” hasn’t so far gotten the response I’m looking for. I asked a Reformed friend and fellow classicist, and he responded, “Of course we believe in the Gospel!” How do people “get saved” in different churches? The presence of a personal conversion experience seems to be the most visible mark of evangelicalism. Southern Baptists are evangelical; Pentecostals are evangelical; what about Methodists? I know historically, Methodists have been evangelical — but according to the wiki, United Methodists are considered mainline. Now, what the heck is “mainline,” besides “not evangelical”? This again, seems a term searching for a definition.
You should wonder whether there are people who eat only British food in Palo Alto. In this example, those are the only people you have pricing power over. And it’s very possible that those people don’t exist.
Which is why when he joins the Classics Club, it’s such a big surprise. It turns out that he was requested to by his older sister to do so, who, as someone with an extensive knowledge of martial arts, would likely make it painful for him if he were to refuse. The reason is that she was a member in her high school years, and it is in danger of being abolished due to a lack of members.
If you're looking for more children's book giveaways, be sure to visit
My latest creations also feature these hues.
Fear can take many insidious forms–pride, ambition, greed, etc.–but make no mistake, any end that serves the individual will over the Divine is based on some surreptitious sort of fear: fear that I will never be good enough, fear that I will never be secure enough, fear that I will always be alone, fear that I have no purpose. Essentially, these fears are all reactions to the stark revelation that we are mortal and will some day perish. (Unless, of course, we make the difficult and labor intensive choice to embrace the Divine, to become eternal and real.) A false representation of love, a force that attempts to act in love’s stead but not towards love’s ends, fear is “the Lie.”
Just look at the size of it now. That's one hardy specimen. There were lots of little babies as well that had sprouted from the suckers spreading out along the ground. I ripped those out, as I really don't want any more of this huge tree growing in the garden. While I'm happy enough to keep the old girl, I don't want any of her offspring.
Here is a top 10 rundown of things I like to whinge, nag and scold about:
She found these darling salt and pepper shakers and thought of moi. She also made that cute pin cushion, she does stuff like that :)
SOLUTION*:
Best Catered Baker's Choice - The Cupcake Bar - Tres Leches with Whipped Cream Icing and topped with Toasted Coconut
After admiring this piece, we can then head towards the service station at the corner where, nestling up against the Indian restaurant, there are a few stones of the north face of the curtain wall. This is the smallest consolidated piece of Hadrian’s Wall you will see, but it is far from the last. Now we must with all due caution cross the road and head uphill towards the site of Milecastle 7 (Benwell Bank). All the time the road is on the line of the ditch and the curtain wall approximates to the property boundaries fronting onto the pavement (which is roughly the line of the berm).
I'm hoping if I have a stellar system in place,
created by Sheila Bentley/primdolly
Climate Depot
Leeches: The application of leeches or other blood-suckers can repair damage from infection or poison, at a rate of +1 points healed per day.
Activities. Ben is doing Cub Scouts again. He is now a Wolf. On the 22 of Oct the Cub Scouts are having their campout; which is really just sleeping in tents in the Embassy area on-post. Both kids are playing soccer. Riley's team is the Sharks and Ben's team is the Blaze. Adam is coaching both teams. Between soccer practice and Cub Scouts our weeks are starting to fly by.
By the glistening waters
Always cheerful staff member SoonJa Kim doing her own thing.
The Witness lay down beside the Gate and tucked his chin around the edge. After a moment lying still, he pulled himself through, rolling around the lip of the opening in a slide that looked oddly like falling out of bed. At least, it did until gravity on the far side of the Gateway pulled Dagdan back against the ground, upside-down relative to Pevan.
This was the Chilean version of Empanadas but one of the mom said that she knows Venezuelan version of Empanadas so we will try that sometime.
As I sit here and enjoy the last piece of birthday cake, let me just thank all of my family and friends for all the birthday wishes, gifts, hugs and smiles. My birthday started out on Friday, when my work buddies took me to King Fong's for a delightful luncheon, and my good friend and coworker, Marjorie, brought in a sheet cake from Petitt's ... a local bakery that makes THE best cakes EVER. My favorite is their lemon-filled white cake with their sweet cream icing.
Charmaine Gordon’s straight-forward writing style with the undercurrent of suspense makes Reconstructing Charlie spellbinding. The no-frills style keeps the reader focused on Charlie and her PLAN. Even the exquisite descriptions of places like Eleanor and Stuart Alfred’s home, the Shakespeare Gardens at the university are all instrumental in the “reconstructing” of Charlie.
I was a dupe, but others close to me
It might sound silly
Today is twenty-four years since I defended my PhD. Not quite a quarter of a century, but close enough.
Something that always bothered me was, You're only 18,19,20,21 years old, you have plenty of time to have a baby. EH, WRONG! After suffering numerous miscarriages, that proof enough for me that we were on a limited time frame. Or another was, " At least you can get pregnant" What the heck kind of comment is that? At least I can get pregnant? So, you're telling me, well, it's a good thing I got pregnant to lose 5-6 pregnancies? These comments usually came from OTHER women who were having infertility issues. So, you'd think out of everybody these people would be the most sensitive to our situation. Just because we went on to have a healthy baby, doesn't mean that will happen again, or that we won't go on to lose another 5 pregnancies.
EXTRAS: A
I sat there listening to the music and looking into the fire and thought, “I have to capture the essence of the fire in a clay sculpture. That is an impossible task, but as the theme song from “Man from La Mancha” says, “To dream the impossible dream…”
He went on like this for a minute or so until Smacker left the trailer and came to see me with a crestfallen look on his face. We quickly hatched a plan to rid the circus of the turbulent Teuton. The initial phase began when I jumped onto the roof of his trailer and hopped around a bit to create a disturbance below. An irate Felix Boobenstrausser soon emerged from inside and beheld me with a mixture of surprise and indignation.
House Full, a live album recorded in 1970 at the Troubadour in LA, captures the band in peak form. This 12 minute long take on “Sloth” is even more beastly than the album version, with plenty of tense build-ups, jagged, downright frightening guitar improvisations, and apocalyptic drum rolls. Good stuff. Other highlights include a spirited version of “Matty Groves” (to this day their most popular song), a poignant take on the stately pipe song “Battle of the Somme”, and a goofy little exotica track, “Yellow Bird”.
–funding for contraceptives and the abortion industry
Chocolates :)
I used the smallest paisley pattern on the first, masking off the top of the card with a post-it note and stamping the image repeatedly, letting it overlap. It gives this sort of lace effect which I rather like, but it needed something else so I sponged it with Crumb Cake ink and that did the trick! It was very quick to add a strip of card stock at the top of the patterns and snip a ribbon tail in the bit that overlapped. I decorated the strip with three of my gorgeous self-adhesive pearls and finished with this beautifully ornate sentiment stamp from Thank You Kindly.
PS
Mark 8:30
Me: That's because Mom's are suppose to know everything.
It’s no secret that we live in a society that encourages materialism. As a matter of fact, often times we identify our own self-worth with what we own. The more we consume, the better we feel. The less we get, the more we feel deprived. What kind of message is this sending to kids and to each other? It’s no wonder that kids often grow up to spend themselves right into debt. Nonetheless, do we express love through buying lots of material things for each other, or do we just become less spiritually connected? As previously mentioned, gift giving can be positive (i.e., it gets us to think outside of ourselves), but I personally believe that our society puts too much emphasis on what we own. Besides, who really needs all that meaningless stuff anyway? It just becomes clutter that most of us don’t quite know what to do with. It’s just a diversion that side tracks us from any real spiritual purpose in life. Eventually, most of it just ends up in a landfill. How good can that be for our planet?
While this article does not make a big deal about the pros and cons of homeschooling (Will they be socialized? Will they have friends? How will they live in the real world? Will they learn anything?), it does open up the possibility that these questions are increasingly becoming an irrelevant distraction for people interested in truly radical alternative modes of education. If homeschoolers spend so much time and effort imitating the rituals, structures, symbols, and outcomes of industrialized compulsory education, if homeschoolers work hard to be able to answer the mind-numbing litany of inquiries into the success of homeschooling, then homeschooling itself will be nothing more than school outside of the school building.
"Ahhhh man, I don't feel good!"
851 D-III/22/1983. On Issues of the Day. Interview by Irving Ward-Steinman. KOBS-Radio, Alexandria, Louisiana.
Today's post is quick and sweet using the Bold Blossom stamp from the Occasions Mini. I stamped the leaves in Old Olive and the flowers in Pink Pirouette. I added the crocheted flower handmade by me personally. I used to crochet before I got hooked on stamping. Every now and then , I'd like to add it to my projects. Hope you like it.
Overall, the theme of the movie came through, but the characters and the plot were not what did it. In the end it was Gekko.
I was notified of another pig this time brought into Animal Control in Chilliwak , this is about an hour from me. I was already snow bound but we got lucky with a gal on the island who wanted to adopt. Jean had already done a home check for HONS so this gal was pre-approved! The family sprang into action and made the trek over here and brought this little girl home. A little pig much like our Cotton but i have a gut instinct this little pig was shipped from Ontario , something i worked on about 4 years ago. She looks like she was used as a breeding sow , i worry about the babies now and where is the male ? The peeps who brought her in said they found her and she sat there waiting for her peeps to find her, but no one came looking.
An index of 100 is equal to the average level of contract activity during 2001, which was the first year to be examined as well as the first of five consecutive record years for existing-home sales; it coincides with a level that is historically healthy.
When it comes to constantly with regard to synthetic leather briefcases and leather-based satchels by far the most vital matter to uncover with regard to is definitely the authentic synthetic leather utilised in production the actual handbag. Select top quality large natural leather. Stay away from baggage made with divided synthetic leather. Buy bags unnatural by filled hemp household leather or for no less than top quality feed. Unnecessary to mention Stay clear of bags manufactured from soft top overall.
I love your enthusiasm for my books, I appreciate your support, and I’m especially thankful you took the time out of your busy day to review the books and post the reviews, but . . . must you give away so much of the plot? A review is not a synopsis and readers do not need you to reveal every major plot point of the book. And they especially do not need (or want) you to tell them how it ends. What people want is a reason to read the book, and if you tell them too much, you have taken away any reason for them to read it, in which case you have done us all a disservice. And I am sure that was never your intention.
I’d like to date a boy. But we have a love prohibition (laughs) I debuted when I was 16 so I never got to date a boy. If I had the opportunity…!
We clambered to our feet and began the journey again, and though I walked beside them, I was still trying to come to grips with all of this. My destiny, my exile, my life. My reality had bled into the dream and become a reality itself. The sorrow for how I had treated Mother, my rage against THE BASTARD, the destruction of Lamia and the Omphalos, all of it came rushing at me, taunting me.
The last book of the Bridgerton series was fantastic. It was a rollar coaster and you were not sure where the characters would go. I liked how Quinn starts off with the wedding leaving you too wonder what she will say.
He stops eating, gets out of his chair and stands behind me and hugs me.
The color run, all sorts of wonder follow.
Calico Cat Holmes… It’s cute, but I feel that I maybe put my expectations a little bit too high. It would be lifeless without Fujiki and Okura.
76. Chen has a strong vocal and it’s quite high.
I've been mulling this one since Day Uno of Adnoxious, trying to decide whether it's the ultimate example of a television message perfectly executed and incisively delivered, or whether everyone involved in its creation needs to immediately put down whatever they're doing, bid their loved ones adieu, and check themselves into a psychiatric hospital.
I guess I'm feeling a little bit...blah! I think these bright a** pants are an attempt to bust out of my rut. This outfit felt like me but a little different from what I normally wear. Does that make sense?
Not only would it appear to be futile to try and answer these questions, the legitimacy accorded the state will itself vary as a function of how it acts, potentially undermining its ability to act in any coherent manner at all. A problem of this complexity is difficult to begin to conceptualize, let alone impose any intellectual order on.
This vignette was first posted to the soc.history.what-if newsgroup on 2 February 2002. (Was is just a coincidence that part 2 of "Victoria's Secret" was first posted on 02/02/02? You'll have to ask Jonathan.)
QUALIFICATIONS Required:
Perhaps the least accurate reporting amongst this anti-Coaltion extravaganza has been the assertion that the Coalition is in difficulties. I sat through the budget, and left the Chamber thinking that the Coalition has never been stronger. Of course there are Conservatives and Lib Dems who do not much like the Coalition. They never did. Can't get their heads around the fact that we did not win the General election. So many media reports refer to 'anonymous' MPs briefing. In my experience anonymous briefing should be treated as just that. If you can't stand behind your words, you are not worth listening to. Thankfully we have a Prime Minister who seems level headed enough not to be buffeted by all these noises off. We have a Coalition which has come together to repair the damage the last lot did to our public finances - and as far as I can see that is what it's doing. I hope it carries on doing just that.
PB: Thank you for clearing that up.
People seem to dig these vintage TV Guide ads - and why not? They're powerful memory triggers, especially for those of us who grew up in the pre-cable, pre-Internet Stone Age of the 1970s. This advertisement for the U.S. network television premiere of Ed Hunt's Starship Invasions is a great example. I was always the first one in my house to grab the new TV Guide when it showed up in the mail, and immediately pored over its pages, looking for cool stuff to watch, so I could plan my schedule accordingly. I remember being pretty damned excited when I came across this particular ad in my weekly review of the magazine.
The album is already garnering quite the buzz from fans and the like, all waiting patiently to get a taste of A-Pink’s brand new transformation.
Starting a weight loss plan is usually the easy part for me. Sticking to it for an extended period of time is the tricky part. For now, my efforts are still going strong. I am proud to say that, starting on May 30, I have been going to the gym at least 5 days per week. One aspect of this that has helped me to go regularly and maintain a level of excitement about getting my workout in has been that I go with my husband. Having a gym partner is also motivating because if I don't go, I'm not only letting myself down but someone else as well.
So, here we go again.. building up, from the bottom up. This time will be better, this time will be stronger, this time… This time, will be different.
Things realllyyyy heated up on ‘Dancing With The Stars‘ last night!
Today when I got up and checked my email ( which is what I do every morning..basically my OCD routine kicking in each day) I got this e-mail...
Once beer was discovered, it required grain, and that was the beginning of agriculture. Neither the glass bottle nor the aluminum can were invented yet, so while our early humans were sitting around waiting for them to invented, they just stayed close to the brewery. That's how villages were formed.
I will also make you a light for the Gentiles,
Rosamund Pike as Kate Summer, she is a psychologist which is study people face & expression, which is can detect the person is telling truth or lie. Johnny English is flirting with her in this movie, and very funny scene when she is trying to help Johnny English search some memory.
A blind submission to the commands of the abbot, however absurd, or even criminal, they might seem, was the ruling principle, the first virtue of the Egyptian monks; and their patience was frequently exercised by the most extravagant trials. They were directed to remove an enormous rock; assiduously to water a barren staff that was planted in the ground, till, at the end of three years, it should vegetate and blossom like a tree; to walk into a fiery furnace; or to cast their infant into a deep pond: and several saints, or madmen, have been immortalised in monastic story by their thoughtless and fearless obedience.
( a REALLY bad start )
I made the outside using recycled plastic bags which have been fused together to make a waterproof and getting-battered-about-in-my-handbag-proof material.
3) Don’t forget to take your hall ticket.
This article, excerpted from the July 1960 issue of The Freeman, is the fourth in a monthly series commemorating the 100th anniversary of Mr. Read’s birth.
This weeks Cafe Church, Wednesday 18th April 8:00 pm at The Hurst Kingsley will be looking at the theme of self worth. As part of the evening we will be watching the Nooma video Tomato which is classic Rob Bell. Whilst his content will not stretch a theology student, he is most definitely accessible to the populous. Better that than an accusation of being clever but irrelevant!
Make sure that your project has a Magnolia or hÄnglar & stÄnglar stamp on it and only link new projects please. Also please post your entry on your blog with a DIRECT LINK back to here. Make sure you have linked your project and not just your blog using the Blue Froggy before 7 pm UK Time on Thursday, March 29th.
Later, they transported us over to the Gatwick Hilton. We were given free evening meals and drinks. The people who needed supplies for babies, the people who had left their shoes on the plane, and the people who needed other necessities quickly had them provided by Virgin staff who had run over to Tesco and bought it all.
UPDATE: 22nd February, 2011. The Independent reports on proceedings in the High Court yesterday. The judge, Mr Justice Frank Clarke said that the examinership would end on Friday 25th, February, 2011 at 2.30pm (Day 164 of the examinership) unless there was an appeal. The judge stated that Oak Tree Capital had engaged in an abuse of court process by increasing its financial injection offer by a reported €6.6m after the court had made its decision. What next? An appeal by McInerney is a possibility or if examinership is allowed to expire on Friday it is likely the banks will seek to appoint a receiver.
I told him I wasn’t.
Gra1980
On my third batch, when the temperature reached 300, I took it off the heat and swirled it to cool. Then I made a little decapitated whisk by cutting all the ends off a regular whisk. I used that to drizzle the caramel onto a sheet of parchment paper then scraped it off to form a ball. Thank god it worked because I don't know if I had enough patience to try again.
5 things that I can do to continue my success during the month of May.
A competent source close to the NJC told press that Aloma-Muktar asked NJC to reinstate Salami immediately without any condition attached.
Because of all these strengths, I loved the first 25 pages of Thief's Covenant. However, the second 25 pages, which consisted mostly of Adrienne as Widdershins pulling off a heist, didn't work quite as well for me. The problem is with the god Olgun hanging over her shoulder. Olgun gives Widdershins someone to talk to, like the daemon Pantalaimon in Philip Pullman's The Golden Compass. But I didn't find the humorous banter between Widdershins and Olgun terribly funny, although that may be because it's aimed at younger readers. More importantly, Olgun's constant presence detracts from the dramatic tension, because we know if Widdershins gets in trouble, Olgun can get her out. Marmell hasn't told us what limitations there are to Olgun's powers, but hopefully he will soon, or perhaps he will introduce an antagonist god to make matters more difficult.
"I'm interested in writing a book set in the John Carter of Mars universe, created by Edgar Rice Burroughs. The first four books of the Mars series were published in the US prior to 1922, so I believe I'm in the clear from a copyright perspective to put the book up for sale in the U.S. Burroughs died in 1950, so the the remainder of his the books in the series aren't in the public domain globally until 2020 at the earliest.
Simplified synthesis from multiple sources: Managers/Administrators mediate between money and people who do the work: teachers, principles, all those who make education happen. When managers hold the power, Money always wins, money determines, money makes the rules, sets the agenda, ceases to be a means to serve education, but comes to define what education is, and is for… namely… in the end, it all comes down to one thing: to make more money.
PFTs measure two main areas which I have googled for you all!
"Spoons? Spoons?? OOOOH. Spons. A sponge?"
I mean, you saw the May Day rioting in Seattle on your flatscreen. Or you called it up on the internet and read about it. Or you saw it on your Blackberry. Or read about it on your notepad. Yesterday.
In Greece, where official data showed unemployment climbed to 21 percent in January, elections scheduled for May 6 may produce a hung parliament, raising questions about the nation’s ability to implement its austerity measures. The nation’s 2 percent bond due in February 2023 trades at about 25 cents on the euro.
Hiking in Italy have long flocked to vacation along her dramatic coastlines, to explore her picturesque Tuscan hill towns, or tour her profusion of art to the vacation villa italy are sea cliffs and alpine mountains, rolling hills and open plains. And there is no single style of Italian cooking. Instead, each region of Italy is on roaming in Italy. Flights to the vacation villa italy and clear of any charges, no matter where they generate from. Compare this to the vacation villa italy that you want to relax and enjoy great food along the vacation villa italy. Italy has always held an almost mystic fascination. Perhaps this stems from its enigmatic history, its deep-rooted culture and art, its grandiose position in the vacation villa italy to the vacation villa italy next millennium, Italy became broken up into several states by the vacation villa italy, visit the vacation villa italy and other cities, you'll find artistic and historic treasures are located include Apulia, Calabria, Sicilia, Sardinia, Tuscany, Piedmont and the Protestant Reformation weakened the vacation villa italy of the vacation villa italy if you pay attention, they'll be more than 10 million travelers every year, runs an informal survey among members to name the world's top vacation destinations. Year after year, one country to the Mediterranean six hundred years Italy was defeated in World War 1, Benito Mussolini organized his fascist party and in some areas this is quickly being enwrapped in urban packaging which is more than two million euros however the vacation villa italy of the vacation villa italy in the world.
Here is a conclusion from one of the report authors.
That, and Spring.
2007: American Pastoral, by Philip Roth
"Actually, it's little person"
Though no easy effort, Skloot tells us this story. She explains the science, lays out the ethical debate over tissue sampling, and tells of the scientific victories that came from the He-La cells. That alone would have been a strong book. But the story of Henrietta and her descendents is just as powerful. We meet Deborah, Henrietta’s youngest daughter, and Skloot’s writing about her is honest and stark and passionate. Deborah is poor, struggles with mental and physical health problems, and is tortured by a lack of understanding of the connection between Henrietta and the He-La cells. Skloot and Deborah bond in an uneasy but beautiful friendship and so we get to know Skloot also. Anytime an author inserts him or herself into a story like this, readers should be skeptical. It worked in this instance—how she earns the trust of Deborah and Henrietta’s other descendents is its own marvelous story. (By the way, Skloot’s personality shines through in the “Acknowledgments”—very charming comments about her friends and family and the gratitude she expresses to those who helped her with this story.)
Eclecticism can be really hard work, or really easy. It’s rarely in-between. You are given two choices; borrow a little bit of this and that and don’t stress too much about the way you are mashing it together, or borrow a little bit of this and that and consume yourself with the agony and peril of the consequences of the mashing, melding, squeezing and angst that accompanies intellectual eclecticism- yuck! Personally I jump between these two choices- hop, hop, hopping from one frame of mind to the next, hoping that this mild pain is simply ‘spiritual growth’ and that because I feel alternately challenged and sublime within my choices then I must be doing something right- I’m growing, yeah? Or something.
“This program is really one that keeps our roads safe on this busy night of the year,” Reichert said. “It really serves the citizens and helps individuals avoid unwanted situations and results.”
It's really hard not to be judgemental. To not believe that I am doing it the right way and other people aren't quite there yet.
I also appreciate the ties of family, between Clem and her sister, between her and their parents. I love how her parents push but not too much, how they care without managing to suffocate. It is special to me when parents play a huge role in a book, and Melissa pulls it off well.
You just had to look at the modern breed of vice-chancellor and compare them to the old breed - Duminy, Malherbe, Bozzoli - who had fought for academic freedom against apartheid, to understand how much had been lost. Not just in courage and intellectual gravitas, but in intellectual depth and, indeed, in truthfulness. Occasionally, even black intellectuals like Mamphela Ramphele remarked aloud that the universities seemed to have fallen asleep, that there was no more protest, no more critical thought coming from that direction. Such observations would fall like hail on the roof: an immediate clatter and then they were gone, melted. For no one cared to enquire too deeply at how bad the damage was, how Mamphela herself had caused enormous damage when she was vice-chancellor of UCT. It wasn't just that the truth was painful. It was embarrassing.
Honestly I didn't feel like I was wearing fake eyelashes at all (I had already had individual lashes put on and then the Paperself ones on in the evening - the joy of your make-up artist being snowed in with you!*) and I slept in them and wore them for a significant portion of the next day! I wore them again for my little party in February and if I could find them (ack moving) I would wear them again and again!
On Tuesday, October 25, (today) join Hopworks Urban Brewery and the artists from Jolby to celebrate the release of Pig War NW Style Ale. At both Hopworks Urban Brewery and Hopworks BikeBar brewers will raise a toast to our estate ale and the San Juan Island farm that exclusively grew the hops for this beer.
I sleep with too many people at night.
Greenville Tech has a Michelin building, for instance, paid for by Michelin to train the Michelin employees. This way, the EMPLOYEE must pay for their own training! Is that capitalist ingenuity or what? The tech college makes a profit and Michelin has a continuous stream of already-trained, job-ready applicants. You can get hired right out of school, just like Goldman Sachs hires kids right out of Harvard.
I saw Adam Adli, Safwan Anang, Mahfuz Omar, and a few opposition leaders give their speeches. The loud hailer can’t get through the crowds. I can’t even hear what they are talking about because the crowd is huge and noisy.
And now, on to this week: Stress!
I’m presenting at a meeting today, so the adrenaline will keep me warm enough to wear this dress without a jacket or sweater on top. Finally, a chance to show off the cute flutter sleeves!
For example, when I was thirteen years old, I played for my junior high school football team. I tried so hard to be good, but I just couldn’t get it together at that age. I remember hearing the words run through my head as I was running out for a pass, “Don’t drop it!” Naturally, I dropped the ball. My coaches were not skilled enough to teach us proper “self-talk.” They just thought some kids could catch and others couldn’t. I’ll never make it pro, but I’m now a pretty good Sunday afternoon football player, because all my internal dialogue is positive and encourages me to win.
And, bonus point, they help to reduce your risk of diabetes and heart disease because they are filled with nourishing fiber. low in sodium and high in vitamins and minerals.
1161. Apple in My Car (Northeast Bound, KY) 10:13 a.m.
Nose: Marmalade, fruit cake, malt, oak, menthol, brown sugar. Sounds sweet but there is a bitter element as well. Water enhances the menthol and oak.
3. The Milkshakes - Out of Control
16.Spellbound
Thee greatest worry for the dark-state is not this group or that, not one ideology or the other but the mass take up of such by the people, the mobilisation of the body-politic by the people, for it is the people themselves that have the power to change the course of history, to break the manacles set about them and to usher in a new day. So the state and those behind them use any and all tactic, they create, fashion and augment disharmony, succeeding amongst the chaos, our people to engineered, march towards dark days and the very movement that should and could if mobilised correctly aid them, pays little care to the marching multitude, as upon the sidelines they war. Yet what decent man or women would want any of this, what person possessed of their senses would wish to join any party or group that proclaims nationalistic or patriotic tendencies, if they could but once glimpse the war within, the ongoing and rampant self-harm run riot.
William Henry Kiefer was born in Eschback, Germany in 11/28/1852. When he was fifteen years old he came to the USA on a steamboat “Bavaria’. I don’t know if he came alone, ran away, or was going to school. He went to Indiana and became a cabinet maker He later made furniture. On Christmas day in 1877 her married Mary Volkert. I am told he made the bedroom set for their wedding and marriage bed. If this is so than the bed is 135 years old. It has held up quite well.
What type of products being offered by your company, and their application areas? Also tell us that how your products have an edge over competitors?
Which would mean I would have to maybe write some more poetry...yeah.
Jim said...
Sometimes a teacher’s job means reaching out to a student and letting them know it is going to be O.K. They are going to get through this… and much more than this. They are stronger than they think.
Morello: Players have been complaining about Irelia’s sustain.
Now I've opened my little book shop, and you who live outside of Sweden have finally a change to get your own copy. Here are the facts (updated 12-04-24, I had wrong info about the freight costs):
the small color wheel canvas sold
I’ll start with the differences. In all the other books, Rose and Lissa have been together, and if not at school – as is the case in Frostbite – they have always been with the students and the school authority figures. Not this time. Rose spends pretty much all of the book in Russia, away from school, away from anyone to reprimand her for breaking any rules – and there are no rules. She’s out in the world on her own, with only her training and her own idea of what’s sensible to guide her, and it’s great to see Rose going about things as she wants and she sees fit. It’s refreshing, but also worrying.
Another student: Juliet Sharman (Maybe in preparation, like for practice, but I don’t think that’s what they’re talking about in the book.)
Every year I try to follow on TV parts of the Cannes film festival
I have always encouraged X to do better in his classes. I have also taken him to school when he's missed his bus, so that he isn't inclined to say "screw it" and ditch. I also really believe that X does try in school. He does put forth an effort, it's just not the way that you'd like it to be. His effort involves simply being there, in a place he hates, every day. Imagine for a moment that you had a job that you hated and yet you couldn't leave for years, a place where people were mean to you, stole things from you, and treated you as someone inferior. All of those things happen to X in school.
Department: Japan Studies
~Mignon McLaughlin
oatmeal mask
Today's another day with abundant sunshine. I think a Mother's Day bike ride is in order today :)
Meanwhile, Mr. Clark is running rampant through the hospital, shooting more and more doctors. He gets on an elevator and runs into Cristina, and he asks her for directions to Derek's office. She directs him, and he quietly thanks her and gets off the elevator. Mer runs into Cristina, and they both think the page was a drill, so they are wandering around the eerily quiet hospital unprotected. They eventually run into Der, who tells them to hide in a supply closet and be quiet because there is a shooter in the hospital. Mer fears for his safety, but stays in the closet as he asked. But when they look out the window and see the shooter enter their wing, Cristina realizes that the person she gave directions to is in fact the shooter and he is after Derek!! So they both freak out and after the coast is clear, they sneak out and see Mr. Clark pointing a gun at Derek. Mer practically has a conniption fit but she knows to stay quiet. Der tries to reason with Mr. Clark, but to no avail. He shoots Der right in the chest!!!! (This is where I freak out and start hyperventilating because I am in love with Derek Shepherd - fyi Patrick Dempsey - and I of course don't want him to die!!)
She died in September of my twenty-fifth year. Her body was planted in the ground where her roots could rest through the winter. My husband and I bought her house, the only house I felt attached to growing up. The home and yard of my imagination came to me from my grandmother’s nurturing hands. Her lilacs became mine, her perennial and annual beds, mine to tend. Her legacy lived on through me.
"I'd still like to know what that means, but the answer is no. The ones who reject the truth go to oblivion. After they get their second chance, if they still reject it, they stay in oblivion."
2. Pittsburgh Steelers
Billie Burke Topper
“Yes,” I answered. “And that will also stop the statements from coming?”
Smash
Attend the dinner and silent auction that's a fundraiser for the Coast Guard Memorial of the CG 1705 crew. Proceeds will go to construct a memorial in their honor. Enjoy a tri-tip and chicken dinner, wine, live music, raffle prizes and a live and silent auction. Casual attire is suggested.
Debt ceiling poll: Voters with Obama: Most Americans would like to see a mix of spending cuts and tax increases be part of a deal to raise the debt ceiling, a new poll finds, aligning the majority with President Barack Obama’s position. Of those surveyed for a Reuters/Ipsos poll released Tuesday, 56 percent said they want to see a mix of approaches used in an agreement to raise the debt ceiling. The poll was conducted overnight Monday, as Obama and House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) voiced their views on the impasse in negotiations in back-to-back televised primetime speeches.
silken shroud encompasses those cold limbs.
Ma Lu's obsession reaches stalker territory - he declares that he will keep loving Mingming until she loves him back, no matter what she says, and that she will never be allowed to escape. There's no irony in this: he is presented as the heroic individual who persists in his beliefs against all odds. Perhaps it's not surprising that there should be a rape joke in there. Again, and this time not in a good way, it made me think of the early 20th century.
medium wash skinnies (American Eagle via sister's closet)
Its a work in progress.....still need to add some french knots, beads and hand-stitching.
“Having FMF back as a partner of the Nationals is crucial for the sport of motocross,” said Mark Carter, General Manager of Motocross, Alli Sports. “Their support through social media and marketing will be a huge lift for Lucas Oil Motocross.”
Once you let vampires go play in the sunlight, it kind of ruins a lot of what makes them spooky. They don’t have to hide out in underground crypts. No, they can live in fabulous mountaintop mansions. They can hold jobs, go to school, fall in love, get married. They don’t have to hunt at night. They might do it anyway because it is easier, but it’s not imperative.
All your words are true; all your righteous laws are eternal.
The leaders for Denver were: (SF) Danilo Gallinari scoring 19 and 4 rebounds, and (PG) Andre Miller who put up 12 points, with 8 boards and 7 assists. Game two is set for tomorrow, May 1st. at Staples with a 7:30 P.M. PST “tip”…
and remember the deadly
“It is my sincere hope this cooperation will continue to be developed and further enhanced,” he added.
Who is your favourite character from THE EMERALD CITY and why? Gail. She’s tough and snarky, but she cares about others.
Today health care accounts must find ways to attract more patients to their clinics to increase their daily census. Twenty years ago it was almost unheard of to see billboards marketing hospitals and their service. Today hospitals are on billboards, radio and television all to market that they are “# 1 in heart surgery” or “the top cancer treatment center in the region.” This is all designed to get more people to come to their institution for treatment and therefore, increase hospital revenue.
When he was touring, Carman (full name: Carman Domenic Licciardello) was a charismatic sight to behold. His concerts were incredible experiences; more like a rock-n-roll, Billy Graham Crusade than a church event. After each concert, hundreds of people would work their way down to the counseling area to accept Christ; often as many as 5,000 in an evening. Amazingly, admission to a Carman concert was usually free and an offering generally was taken.
There might be a few posts about sims on here.
All books go through a stage of being a work-in-progress. It could be rightly argued that they remain works in progress until the final edited version rolls off the printer’s assembly line. In many cases, thousands of penned manuscripts every year never escape the perpetual status of a work-in-progress. You could apply the same analogy to the state of the publishing industry at the moment. Challenged by the developments in the digital print industry and growth of online retailers and social communities, the publishing landscape in the past ten years has changed in a way we could never have imagined. Likewise the business models employed for decades no longer provide publishers with the tools to navigate the unexplored landscape they find themselves in today, and this landscape is also a constantly changing one. The traditional beliefs of the publishing industry that the book is a sole and sacred paper product for mass readership can no longer be the bedrock of publishers.
Of vile, incurable sores on innocent tongues, -
This is such a great photo of Joe and I really wanted to do a layout that spoke to him personally, and that I hope he will one day read and understand.
The TNG move franchise definitely ended on a sour note. Of all four movies, First Contact is the only one I can ever see myself voluntarily sitting through again. Even then, I am only marginally enthusiastic. I do not feel there is a great sense of finality here even though the fate of several characters is set. Why, if you are going to send beloved characters off into the sunset, do you and the movie over to a director who knows nothing about them? It is going to result inexactly what we got-- an unsatisfying movie that limps to the finish line. It is highly disappointing, but still a notch above the illogical mess that is Insurrection, but that is not saying much.
What makes violin craftsmanship so interesting is the alive, organic way it births a violin. It is as raw and intangible as bottling wine. Every inch of wood is different, each breathes different and will sound different combined with any other particular piece of wood. Wood, the product of these magnificent gigantic life forms that we love as trees, is an organism, that we are shaping into a music bearing tool for our humanly desires. Einstein discovered string theory through a single violin note–explaining the world through the perfect beautiful loops of sound these instruments played.
for everything.
We had two months where I swore I was pregnant; one I was almost 6 days late and then the dreaded period came :/ That heartache really weighed heavy on me.
for this week's theme of snow
Hallowe'en has felt this way for me since my very first ritual ever. It's always very conflicted for me as I've never really developed coping mechanisms for things and haven't processed a lot of what's gone on in my life. This isn't to say it's been utterly horrible or that my life in any way compares to others, but I know that some of the things I have experienced have bruised me. Samhain is a time where I allow a little bit of the hurt and fear to be healed at a time. Some years there's a lot more gushing than others but there are always tears. Always.
1. Get Some - Lykke Li
She will more than likely be baptized on April 15th. The church requires adoptions to be legal before baptizing. Kiley has been coming to mass with us and doing pretty good! She usually sleeps for the whole thing.
Miller went over to the edge of the water with a ball retriever tool, and found two balls that weren’t his, so he turned to leave. That’s when the alligator launched at him from under the water and got him by his left knee. “He lifted me up three feet and slammed me down,” Miller said.
This was such a fun cake to make. And it tasted really great. Let me tell you, all of the little cousins loved how much candy there was!
It will typically happen like this: I, or one of the other drivers, will be on a job. We'll either be on the way to collect a customer, on the way back to the depot after completing a job, or the customer with be in the Town Car or limo. The phone will ring.
practices allegedly perpetrated under the nose and with the active
Can you guess what happened next children?
With Photoshop, what was once an exception has become the rule. Everywhere we are bombarded with images of women who look like Greek goddesses. Yet, since the retouching made by Photoshop is often quite subtle, if it is done well, we have become oblivious to how much we have been manipulated, and inured to the sight of the artificial beauty we have been inundated with.
Now, the Dutch are forward thinkers, and innovative, and have recently pushed a new scheme onboard based on your facebook or linkedin accounts. You are now able to sit next to like minded individuals as selected by certain parameters on your likes and information stored on your profile. Obviously this sounds like a great idea, especially if you are a talkative soul and prefer to talk to someone rather than watching that 6 month old film you’ve seen countless times on DVD again.
I don’t use the phrase un-ambitious in a derogatory way, instead Palermo’s inquisitive, almost philosophical lack of ambition, his ability to take art to its rudimentary starting points and discover invention in those humble beginnings is exactly what makes him charming. There are no wails and grinding of teeth, no existential dilemmas. Actually, what is strangely present is a bit of comedy, mostly as the expense of American modernists.
I'm happy to say that I haven't gained any weight on the scale - but my body has lost what I worked three months to gain. The definition that started to form in my arms are long gone. The waistline on my jeans are now too tight again (whereas a month ago I was proud that I had to keep pulling them up, even with a belt on!). I'm also a lot more tired and get worn out easily. I've been using that tiredness as an excuse not to blog. I'm still working over 40 hours a week, trying to get everything together to apply for grad school in a few months, and having those serious conversations with the hubby about starting a family soon...so in my lazy state of mind, I convince myself that I have no time to write, no time to work out, no time to prepare a healthy meal, on and on! And that's just not true!
But at school, I was retarded. I looked funny. I read books and talked to animals, sometimes preferring their company to those half-bald primates that walk upon two legs. I watched nature and science documentaries with as much attention and interest as I did cartoons. One of my friends was the girl with muscular dystrophy who walked funny. As a whelp, this hypocrisy made even less sense than it does now when recollecting it. All I knew was it hurt.
Did you also realize that 30% of YOUR customers…have a friend or family member that will purchase a vehicle in the next year?
Day 1: Who are you? Share as little or as much about you in general.
He will go about like life itself,
Then we shall see who’s weak.
The entry in the Museum Catalogue for the painting reads:
How does this square with hosting the Durban COP17 climate summit in December 2011, here in Gordhan’s home town, which is also Zuma’s power base?
You! Yes, you! So you know a librarian? And you like stereotypes? And you want to buy them something for Christmas that fits in nicely to that stereotype?*
BBC Top Gear co-presenter Richard Hammond said he thought he was going to die after he lost control of the Vampire jet powered car, at 288mph, when the car flipped over while he was filming a feature for the show, on an RAF airfield near York, last September.
1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice
My real only complaint with this episode is that the assassins don’t exactly feel like assassins, when you hear the word you tend to think of subtlety and efficiency, particularly in modern day. They shouldn’t be running around with all sorts of heavy weaponry at hand, making a racket, blowing stuff up, and generally drawing a lot of attention to themselves. This may be an action anime and such firefights are barely out of place, but it’s still hard to regard someone as an assassin when they start firing rifles and yelling in a highly developed and populated shopping area without any hesitation or restraint, it’s the sort of thing that would get them killed no matter how good with they were with their guns and I’m honestly not going to be surprised if they get killed off because of it. That said I guess it’s just another example of the rule of cool in play.
The concept made me want the book focused on the human Laurette and not Evalle. It was almost as if it was Laurette’s story as seen by Evalle. The twist kept me reading and enjoying the book.
The police use various means of compulsion to enforce the law. This is what the police do, whether they work for the UCPD, for OPD, or for any other jurisdiction. On campus, they are also charged with enforcing the student code of conduct.
I should also at this stage point out that the above spelling errors are deliberate and come from Janus Publishing’s own website. This is something else which worries me about this publisher. A website for a publisher is their shop window, whether they are selling author services and/or books to the public, this is the place to present your best possible image, after all, publishing books for authors at a fee, is also a facet of representing their work and image in the best possible light. The copyright tag on the bottom of every webpage also reads ‘2006’.
It's not that confusing. Just accept it and stop trying to generate controversy out of nothing.
When we arrived back at my apartment I had kind of a fuck it attitude. I realized that everything was out of my hands and there was nothing that I could do. Tomorrow would be another day. I tried my hardest to forget what I had just heard and just enjoy the moment. Sure, I acted like a fucking lunatic, but I was free…I was with my girl…pfffff lol…and I had my favorite carrot cake. It wasn’t so bad after all.
When Nadya decided she wanted to get pregnant the first time, she was not married, Ed says, so she turned to a friend to be her sperm donor. After that child was born, she decided to have another baby, then a third child and a fourth.
My early curiosity about what had brought everyone else here was answered. What they shared was very confronting, grim, inspiring, interesting, moving and startling.
Except kings and princes are thin on the ground nowadays and have been replaced by other gliterati.
A vintage quilt
What do they want to talk about at our annual conference on reporting and communications?, we asked ourselves.
The Sun is not a "swamp" that needs draining.
Beginning at the Old Battleground trailhead, the first section is a relatively flat stretch along Horsepen Creek and the southern arm of Lake Brandt. After just a tenth of a mile, you’ll encounter one of the highlights of this part of the trail—a 200-feet long wooden walkway that snakes and bends its way through the forest. You’ll also find several great views of the creek and lake along the way where blue herons and egrets are common sights. The still waters make this area a great place for photographers looking to capture the water’s mirror-like reflection of the landscape. The first section ends at the Atlantic & Yadkin Greenway after about three-quarters of a mile.
5. Wichita State Shockers
We were very confused project girls. We loved "West Side Story," and we identified with the Jets. But every girl in this picture has Puerto Rican or Mexican or Cuban heritage! Our mothers all spoke Spanish at home. Huh? What can I say, I think it was the song that did it, you know "When you're a Jet you're a Jet all the way from your first cigarette to your last dyin' day." As I got older, I saw "West Side Story" with fresh eyes and realized that more than anything else I wanted to be Anita, dancing like crazy on a tenement rooftop. Or at least Rita Moreno playing Anita.
Here are the same songs as above, but AFTER all the necessary steps have been completed.
And now she is one. No longer "zero", as her big sisters would say. She is one. A toddler, not a baby. And I'm not a spring chicken, myself, anymore. No more babies for me. No more peanuts in the bed.
Anthony Vidler (1992) “Dark Space” in the Architectural Uncanny, the MIT Press, Massachusetts pp 167-177
Although he is perhaps best remembered for his New York cityscape views and theatrical compositions, his business was incredibly varied. He was apparently just as happy to visit Thomas Alva Edison's laboratory (above) as he was to stand in the street outside Lazarus Levy's clothing store on East Broadway (below).
· pediped Flex® is the ultimate shoe for confident walkers who have developed a solid, natural stride. The Flex line offers more than 60 styles in jewel tones, metallics and bright colors.
I did it, I finally caved and made Cinnamon Roll Pancakes. I have seen these all over different blogs. I do not know where it originated, but whoever came up with it is genius!! It really was only a matter of time before I tried these. Pancakes are a big hit at our house, and my 6 year old can barely go a day without something cinnamon. I knew these would be a huge hit, and they were! I made these for the first weekend that my husband was gone. I figured we had made it through 7 days alone, we deserved a special treat!
Cigars, on the other hand, correspond to the spirited part of the soul. This explains their traditional popularity among men seeking honor or reputation—politicians, executives, etc. The reason for this correspondence can be found in the similarity between cigars and ambition. A cigar is visually impressive: with its large size and great billows of smoke, it often leaves a greater impact on the spectator than on the smoker. Further, a cigar is phallic—not with regard to male lust, but to male power. “Testis” in Latin means “witness”: the phallic status of the cigar is meant to bear public witness to the smoker’s prominence, his virility. The fact that a cigar is not inhaled reflects this external focus.
She has a collection of shoes and jewellery box that any girl would envy
Peace, such a tough topic given the state of the world today. So many nations across the world are at war with one another, or sometimes with others within the nation, and so many people are at war with one another, or sometimes at war with themselves. As individuals and nations, people are crying out for peace, and yet war rages. War between two people is really just about a lack of love. When two people fight with one another it is because they fail to act in love. If they could consider the other person’s point of view, if they could step back from the situation, if they could just see the other person as a brother or sister then perhaps they could get passed the difficulties, but so often people cannot. In these situations what is needed is love and forgiveness. Somehow we as Christians need to find a way to break into the struggles between two people and show them love in order to enable them to forgive one another and move on. This will never be an easy thing to do, but it is only by breaking these cycles that wars between individuals will be resolved. As we walk with the Spirit we must endeavour to live at peace with those around us and to work to resolve conflicts between those we know and love. On a wider world scale, peace is even more difficult to achieve. When two nations are at war, conflict resolution is never easy, especially if the war has been going on a long time – ask the people of Israel/Palestine. So often in these situations we feel powerless. We feel that there is no way that such a conflict can be resolved. There is no way that everyone can be happy and so we think that the war will just continue forever. Perhaps a ceasefire could exist for a while, but it will never last. When we feel these things, we must look to the places in the world where conflict has been resolved. Look at Northern Ireland. For so long troubles raged and most people thought the conflict would never be resolved. Feelings were so raw, hatred so ingrained, fear so prominent…and yet look at it today. Okay, so it’s not perfect, but it’s an awful lot better than it was twenty years ago! So we can have hope for peace in troubled regions. If Protestants and Catholics in Ireland can put aside their differences for the sake of peace and a better future for their children, then maybe peace can come elsewhere too. Peace is not just about the absence of war, it is much more than that. When we hope and pray for peace, we don’t just want the fighting to stop, we want justice to be done. I’m a historian, or at least I was for a while whilst I was a student. I studied predominantly twentieth century history. Many of you who studied history even to GCSE level will be able to look at what happened in Europe in the twentieth century and see the problems that an unfair peace can bring. After the end of the First World War, the peace treaty that was drawn up was stacked massively in favour of the victors – and the German people did not forget this easily. During his rise to power, Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party played on people’s sense of betrayal and the anger that they felt about the treaties that ended the First World War. Perhaps if the earlier peace agreements had been fairer, the Second World War may not have taken place. Obviously, this was just one of a number of factors, but it was certainly a factor. So when we look for peace now, we must learn our lessons from history. We mustn’t just look to stop fighting, but we must look for as just and as reasonable solution to the conflict as is possible, in order to reduce the risk of future conflict breaking out. Similarly, in many countries, peace is maintained by fear and aggression. Dictators or totalitarian regimes can rule countries that to the outside world appear to be peaceful, and yet they are far from it. Freedom of speech may be limited an often people are imprisoned if they threaten the stability of the country – even if this is just by writing something in a newspaper or holding a peaceful protest. Again this kind of peace isn’t necessarily preferable to conflict. Peace is only really peace if it comes with justice and freedom. There is a hymn in the Methodist hymn book, Hymns and Psalms that speaks about the desire for peace. Some of you may know it, though I’m not sure how well known it is. It is by Alan Gaunt and reads: We pray for peace, but not the easy peace built on complacency and not the truth of God. We pray for real peace, the peace God’s love alone can seal. We pray for peace, but not the cruel peace, leaving God’s poor bereft and dying in distress, we pray for real peace, enriching all the human race. We pray for peace, and not the evil peace, defending unjust laws and nursing prejudice, but for the real peace of justice, mercy, truth and love. We pray for peace: holy communion with Christ our risen Lord and every living thing; God’s will fulfilled on earth and all his creatures reconciled. We pray for peace, and for the sake of peace, look to the risen Christ who gives the grace we need, to serve the cause of peace and make our own self-sacrifice. God, give us peace: if you withdraw your love, there is no peace for us nor any hope of it. With you to lead us on, through death or tumult, peace will come. The message I leave you about peace is this: If we are to walk with the Spirit, we are called to strive for a peace that is just and true, between ourselves and others, between communities, peoples and nations, however difficult this may be.
Life in the Australian bush was remote and difficult. The population was low and spread thinly over vast distances. The difficulties of obtaining materials, storing and preserving food and facing the daily challenges and dangers of life created the "Australian Character". This was a classic book of that era. Check out some of the recipes
For how embarrassing it would be if the preadolescent’s gushings included a poem, dated April 20, influenced by the panegyric style of such Hitler Youth bards as Menzel, Baumann, or von Schirarch and celebrating the Fuhrer in hymn-like terms reflecting the young poet’s unbending faith… Or if some racist claptrap had found its way into a passage in my first novel at the expense of the poor Kashubians: A long-faced knight beheads round-faced Slavs by the dozen.
Why am I so riled up about this assault on a woman’s uterus? Let’s see, even though this does not affect me, I am still a woman. It is because buying condoms (which are for men) are easy, nonprescription and cheap. Buying birth control (which are for women) is not easy, prescription, and are not always cheap. Both methods are for prevention but only one is a source of contention. It is because getting the snip snip is easier and less expensive for men and it is the opposite for women. It is because I have worked with the poor and mentally ill population. I have seen an adult with the mind of a 10-year-old get pregnant with her “boyfriend” after she did not take her birth control. I have seen a heroin addict mother give birth and lose custody to her 4th or 5th child. I have seen a woman with the mind of probably a 6-year-old, usually smell like pee (because she peed on herself all the time), wanders the street with a very serious mental illness who had missed her contraceptive injection and was on her usual sexual promiscuity with men who took advantage and the staff’s major hope is that she is not pregnant. It is because not everyone who wants to go the route of the Duggar’s or take your chances during sex, by monitoring the menstrual cycle and the withdrawal method, because women cannot afford birth control.
The 52 week project is a self portrait project. It has transformative effects on the people who commit to it. Seriously! You can join in too. Pop over to Fi's lovely blog, My Mummy Daze and have a look.
Brake seem to want to teach kids that it's alright to just walk out into the road because they will have successfully removed cars from the equation. Brake was founded after a truck with dodgy brakes killed the founders mother. I am human enough to sympathise with that, I think any decent person would be but they've lost all perspective on the real World. Had they just been a group that focused on car safety improvements, I'd have no issue with them. As it is, they've taken their extreme views to an almost Biblical level, and you all know what I think to the Bible.
When I saw the beautiful projects by the Girl Fridays, I was overwhelmed. WOW! They did a fabulous job using ribbon in so many ways. I knew exactly what I wanted to do with ribbon for my card. Last year, for Christmas, I made my sister a mini album capturing the first few days with her daughter in China and at home. I used a ribbon flower technique that I had seen on Laurie's blog here. Excuse the poor image since the actual flower is out of focus.
Defeat may be victory in disguise;
extras for the kids. And
That break through spots, my weakest spots.
"Of course, the idea sounds good at first and is, in a sense," rejoined young Murphy, removing his collegiate briar from his mouth long enough to propound a thought. "The big difficulty would be that, from above, the plane would be perfectly visible not only because of reflection but because of the obstruction of the light rays striking the bottom of the 'invisible' plane. It would be a dumb pilot who wouldn't recognize the outlines of a plane below him, since, of course, the landscape below would be cut off from observation by the material part of the wings and fusilage. Matter moving at such a slow rate would not be at all permeable to light rays."
Purchase an inexpensive wooden or cardboard letter at a craft store and wrap with twine, hot gluing to secure it in place. It's that simple! You can also add embellishments like paper or fabric flowers.
Accessories – Mega Curved Rectangle and Label 1 Nestabilities, Fancy Tags Die (Spellbinders), Ivory Satin Ribbon, Kaisercraft Blush Pearls, Foam Tape
The world of self publishing that is taking shape around us as we stand and watch is both exciting and more than a little overwhelming. Writing a novel is hard enough (which I’ll talk about later) and in all honesty is still something I’m working on. But on top of that, if you want to self publish, you need to be a shrewd marketer, promoter and business manager with a thorough knowledge of social media and networking. At least, that’s what everyone is telling me.
S: How do you deal with people who have negative things to say about your music?
20. Brandon Sanderson "Mistborn"
5. Lullaby of the Leaves (Petkere-Young)
We are merely here to do the same policing work.
What I admire about Dalaras is that he is a huge collaborator and as a musician who stretches his wings. He doesn't stick to one style of Greek music as you will see from the below clips.
I remember the event like it was yesterday, when in reality, it must have been about 15 years ago. We had just moved into our new house and I was sprucing up the yard with a few plants I bought at the local nursery. This ivy was call Hedera helix, or English Ivy, and it was just three tiny plants. The first year, it lulled me into a false sense of security. It did it’s job very well, spreading slightly to cover a bare patch between the Driveway Sideway garden and the sloping garden I have yet to name. But like all things that are left to fend for themselves, I lost track of where it was going and what it was doing.
Different opinions do not have to equal war.
Quite a tricky thing to write let alone read with a mirror must of been hard for Steve to do..But a great quirky strip see two more..
STAY CALM & GO RAKE THE GARDEN!
-If any of you gringos (aka “gringos“) would like to host a Training Camp, let us know. We have a few more dates to be filled and would love to get the schedule completely booked. Email Laura@OutlawCrossFit.com to set something up (do not email me, I will not answer you, I can’t help it, it’s the ADDs).
My kids are still young, but it is exciting to see them grow and learn. I want them to be kids for a long time, but I also can't wait to see what kind of young adults they turn into.
More than anything, I didn’t want anything in the book to be too simple. It’s not so easy to say “the Sisterhood lied and therefore are evil” because they did so out of love and a fierce desire to protect their charges.
Anna Grace Young
Perhaps, it is just karma, luck. Life is never fair!
In all candor, when I wrote my last piece and included the quote from Roberts, I thought that the only way Bob could potentially counter this was to claim that the adjective “Roman” somehow represents some official mandate from the Catholic Church. But c’mon, I thought, one can’t chase after every ridiculous counter-argument. And yet here we are, faced with just that nonsensical reply. So shame on me, I guess, for not going with my “gut” and rebutting this foolishness earlier.
But hey, I've got to hand it to Alder Brook for putting on a good post-race show, with some tasty rice and beans on hand and a reggae singer so cool, polished and smooth, he could probably turn a Megadeath cover into a feel-good song you could grove to. And since my wife Linda and I wanted to help a race sponsor out and we liked Alderbrook's wines, we picked up three bottles the day before the race with our race packets. (I must admit to having an alter-ego that likes a good glass of wine from time to time.)
For the second time in two days the market reacted negatively to a negative economic report. On thursday it was the ISM services decline, and today it was the Payrolls report. If you recall, on tuesday the market soared to SPX 1415 after the positive ISM manufacturing report. This market has certainly become news sensitive again these days.
Binabasa ko na pinadala ni GQ. Finally!
Eddie did find a buyer for “Kevin.” It was somewhat miraculous in that the buyer was willing to pay a good price for the pig, which meant Jess actually made a nice profit. Makes me think of the “all things work together for good” verse!
Here's my little secret to ensuring inverted tucks meet perfectly in the middle, without those unsightly gaps - from the wrong side tack the fold lines together from the raw edge to just below the stitching line, and leave the tacking in until the garment is assembled. Here is mine just before the stitches come out:
Check out Dirty on Purpose's MySpace for complete details, music and more...
Tau Cheo (Preserved soya bean) is one of the most commonly used ingredients in Chinese cooking. It is a great ingredient that can bring out the flavours in a dish.
People carried an effigy of the RCD ruling party members, in the form of a coffin, through the crowd.
cause I ain't want yuh daughter
Today, instead of doing homework at the local mom-and-pop-café-killer, I chose to do homework in the Engineering building’s computer lab with my BF.
Finally, why should we believe that Romney’s policies — basically tax cuts for the rich, as usual — would yield great economic results? Well, I guess you can point to Bush’s example; how did his administration at this point compare with Obama? From BLS data:
nothing but Z.
Just like its larger cousin, the pygmy hippopotamus has stumpy legs, a blunt snout and mad swimming skills.
Use the code
“Um, yes, it’s my toilet; it seems to be stopped up.” I say
This is the shot I managed to take as it started to move.
6:00pm – 8:00pm – $20
Game balance patches must happen more rapidly. Especially when previous game balance patches have unbalanced the game, like the Stinger nerf (which I will talk about in more detail tomorrow.)
Express contact with molten rock
Is that to understand oneself
When Peter stood up in the crowd, he did not intimidate anyone. Because in front of Him were standing “God fearing Jews”.
Here is one example of Joseph Heller’s brilliance from Catch-22.
We have friends coming to town this weekend to stay with us, though, so that's definitely something to look forward to. I'm trying to focus on that, dammit!
A man sat at the end of the pew so she went to him, hoping to slip by and take the open seats.
More than evens up the score.
“Or do you have another wish you need granted?”
So, who is this Private Ryan that needs saving? He is one of 4 brothers... the other 3 having all been killed in the war. Some soldiers are sent on a mission to find him and bring him home so his mother doesn't have to suffer the loss of her 4th son. While the leader is explaining why he thinks they need to "save" Private Ryan, he reads this incredible, elogent, moving letter written by President Abraham Lincoln during the Civil War. It was written in November of 1864 to a Mrs Bixby in Boston...
10 sledgehammer tire swings
1 touching
Hands and eyes will have to choose a couple of books.
“Guys my age are idiots,” she says, turning around. “Guys my age are awful.”
Two items for class today:
I’m curious about how many musicians - Icelanders especially - seem to study for a long time in the classical realm, and then depart completely and throw themselves into the worlds of pop, rock, electronica, folk etc.
I’d like to regain some sort of control over my weekends. This weekend we elected to visit my parents and take Tempest to Legoland Star Wars weekend. Upon arrival it turned out that I was supposed to go on a coach tour of Manchester with my dad (this was cool, I like being with him). We sat on a coach for 1.5 hours whilst the rather daper C.P. Lee pointed out locations that had been in films and regaled us with stories of ‘the time he met Jimmy Hendrix’. I hadn’t heard of any of the films. I was then double booked my dad and C.P. Lee wanted me to see the film attached to the tour whilst my mum wanted me to go to a particular wholefood shop. I went to the film and my dad went to the shop…I don’t know where C.P. Lee went. The film was George Fornby’s first ever talkie which provided an interesting perspective on class representation…
Galileo, however clever he knew he was, could never win. Unbeknown to him, a file had been opened on him in the Secret Archives of the Vatican, back in 1611, before the Counter Reformation of 1618 and long before his eventual trial in 1633, before he even considered going back to Italy. Galileo had been labelled as a trouble-maker as soon as he pointed his telescope to the heavens.
Fruit: There are so many combinations so have fun with it. Here are some we like......
Tony Greenstein
DeChiara and Sunshower should be reprimanded for "contempt of court" over their heavy handed tactics to bully and intimidate voters with whom they disagree.
It turned out that this priest was there that day to drum up interest in the Passionist Family Group Movement, which he had begun about 20-odd years ago. The idea is that families with obvious similarities are grouped into a “family group”, a purely social thing where you get together once a month. There are usually about 7 to 10 families in a group, and allowing for those that don’t “click” for whatever reason, you generally get about 6 families that turn up almost every month.
Fernando Pessoa. An original, an endless source of puzzles and ideas. You do not even have to read his work for him to generate ideas, but just read about him and his system of heteronyms. Please see seraillon for a recent post on The Book of Disquiet and a piece about Antonio Tabucchi and Pessoa.
If a value-add is created which does not add value but merely beefs up a product (and its price) then a customer/value disconnect will occur. This will create loyalty corrosion and you will be back where you started: reducing prices in order to generate revenue.
Something it won’t
So too do the many times people have come up to me saying: “I’ve always thought poetry was shit but I really like this one!” To use a football analogy – a lot of the poets who are praised in the literary world seem to me to spend their days weaving pretty patterns in the centre circle.
The forced dancing took place April 11, when five inmates were under lockdown — forced to remain in their cells.
This book contains truly well rounded characters who have a delicious mixture of both good and bad. The stories are compelling and exciting, really creating that thirsty fear that readers love.
The Commission on Audit reported that billions of pesos allotted for the government’s swine program were missing. Babuyan na ‘to!
I was created to love her only because of the vast and grace filled love that God showed me first.
Did you know that the company that makes Mega Blocks also puts out the Rose Art line and a brand of pens called "The Write Dudes"? I did not. These bright, shiny pens are sure to be a hit with the same boy who makes the Post-it animations. Though he also does this thing where he turns pens into mini-cross bows, so no one can really predict whether he will actually use these to write.
You might not realize some of the things Tiffany makes: trophies for the Super Bowl, NASCAR, and horse racing. Lady Bird Johnson ordered Tiffany china for the White House.
And lastly, here’s a primer for my next post: memo to Jets: do not trade up.
The sun shone brightly on them half the day,
And let your arrow go
Merrell: The Michigan rivers.
1 health--for
A lot of great music came out of Wisconsin in the 1950's and 1960's, and you can read all about it in a couple of excellent books written by Gary E. Myers, Do You Hear That Beat and On That Wisconsin Beat. I highly recommend both of them!
These signs have always bothered me. Essentially, they are saying, if you choose to walk here, you may get hit in the head by a hunk of ice falling off our ginormous building. Don't say we didn't warn you!
"What? A house? No kidding?!", i replied while scratching my head.
Our bank of home gaming classics including Pong, Manic Miner, Sonic the Hedgehog 2, Super Mario Kart and four-player GoldenEye 007 on the Nintendo 64 are also still available for you to enjoy, plus we’ve added a few bonus features.
six eggs. Never five or seven,
Let me know if you ladies are interested for a review on the elf Studio brushes and the elf Beauty Eye Manual. You can also check out my review on the elf Beauty Encyclopedia Face Edition HERE.
In practical terms, a new US attitude to South Africa means, among other things, that our country will fall ever lower as a preferred destination for foreign direct investment.
10-1029
I'm sorry I couldn't help you.
1 progressed
Well, I'm SO SO proud to say, that TWO years later, we have put this plan into motion! Since we had everything drawn up and priced out years ago, it was just a matter of finding the time to pull it together! All I have to say is WOW! For a little over $500, we were able to put this plan into action!
Walking to the subway, I pulled out the headphones and stuck the Allman Brothers in my ears. I’ve never been a fan, but suddenly, as I listened to Gregg Allman’s words, I understood something. Though I scribble furiously and mope meaningfully, these guys really said it better a long time ago. Life’s too short. So I ain’t wasting time no more.
What I have found is that this can be really fun, not at all painful and great bonding for me and the girls...and as the last post showed...even the boys!
I've decided to keep a semi regular idea post about this topic.
Of complete and utter
Henry realizes his complicity in this manufacturing of an Ireland different than that he'd imagined in peacetime, and this segues in part two into another sort of consulting for a reborn IRA. They use him as a way to invent their own version of a Gaelic, socialist, and 32-County nation whose rhetoric convinces few, but whose manipulation of violence and the response to violence brings him in the 1970s and 1980s into compromise, as his life and those of his loved ones are threatened by blackmail. The IRA advocates as in Henry's early career with its first incarnation the imposition of force--this time to bomb Northern Ireland into republican definitions of freedom.
Lastly a little link. Has anybody seen this wonderful Al-Fresco knitting on the news ? Thanks for telling me about it Mum .Love it !!! and what a gorgeous looking place too.
Lepore completely botches this history. She quotes the prosecutor’s brief from Miller, which argued that the Second Amendment was “restricted to the keeping and bearing of arms by the people collectively for their common defense and security,” and that the right “is not one which may be utilized for private purposes but only one which exists where the arms are borne in the militia or some other military organization provided for by law and intended for the protection of the state.”
alligator bag
Thanks for reading, it means the world to me.
There was no need to do this ever, ever again. Right?
If you are a bangle fan then we inform you to use usance element bracelets which present apply you a lot solon varieties in coloration and styles.
3. My students: Some of my favorite times of the week are when I am in the classroom with my students. Teaching is something I love to do and something I feel like the Father put on my heart early in life. The look of happiness on a student’s face when I tell them they have done some well, or gotten a good grade, brings such joy to my heart and I love encouraging them!
He represents the magic that is starting to fade from my girls' eyes ...
2 Panic
Monday 29th - Bank Holiday, no official group meet.
Next up is my brother Eric, who—in addition to kicking ass at the Special Olympics—has taken up the travel bug in recent years. I figure I’ll drop 50Gs on his doorstep too. I’m sure that he can find a use for that money, whether it’s for travelling or injecting himself with horse tranquilizers to calm the nerves before a big race, I don’t care as long as he’s happy.
recitation of facts that mean nothing to them. I hope they're not
First, I had to remove the casters. This ended up taking about 3" off of the chair, so now it's a little short. I definitely don't want it on casters, so do you guys have suggestions of what I could put at the bottoms of the legs instead? I need help here!
Firstly I have added some GORGEOUS new stock to the website - 2 NEW COLLECTIONS! The first is by Fancy Pants Designs and is called Happy Together! Here's a sneeky peek at one of the gorgeous double sided papers...
Farewell bitter and welcome happy.
Mix ice water with sour cream. (Question: how to measure ice water? I just measured 1/3 cup water and added ice to it. )
After a few days of being stuck in the house until Matt got out of work it was easy to twist his arm to take us to the Beach. I was amazed by the sand. It was like powder. Michigan lake sand is like dirt and crushed rock. I dug my toes deep and it was so soft and fine. I loved it. It was amazing!
In all my Customer Service training sessions, I still refer to the quote called: The Moment of Truth
As usual, IBM continues to lead the pack with a whopping 5,896 patents, up 20% from 4,914 in 2009. Samsung came in second with 4,551 patent (+26%) Microsoft is third with 3,094 (+6.5%). All of the companies but one in the Top 50 are up over the previous year, most shattering records and many posting double-digit percentage gains.
I loved this book. I have a massive girl crush on her and if I could have a literary dinner with some of my favorite authors, she would be on the invite list. I love everything I've ever read by Hilary Mantel, I freely admit, and Bring Up the Bodies is no exception. It's that book I was anticipating receiving so much that I became listless in my reading of anything else while I waited for it to arrive in the mail, knowing that it didn't really matter what I was reading, I would drop it the minute I got my hands on this one. That's exactly what happened, and the book didn't disappoint.
1 language
“I’m so sorry we forgot to send in that form,” she says. “So aren’t you going to count me?”
I did surface briefly last night, however, to participate in a charity fundraiser at the British Embassy here in Paris. It was such a good night and for such a good cause, that I have even broken my self-imposed blog embargo to share a little bit of it with y'all.
To remain true to our Berlin heritage, the citizens (also known in my circle as Berliner Bears) are good hibernators. When we absolutely MUST get out, we scurry from place to place bundled up against that unforgiving wind out of Mother Russia.
The background is made up with distress inks. Bits of cut n dry foam are used to apply the ink, not too even, so that it gives the appearance of clouds. Splodges are good! The sentiment and other balloons are from Kaisercraft's "Up, Up & Away" stamp set. The sentiment was stamped in black archival ink and heat embossed with clear powder. I still couldn't resist a little Perfect Pearls on the larger of the two stamped balloons!
I love to feed you,
You’ve written a book. Now your publisher says you need to get out there and sell. But you thought they would do that, right? Guess again. It’s basically now all in your hands, whether published traditionally or by yourself.
But enough gushing about My Publisher....on to the book I made.
TOTAL 4,520
My favorite African story actually happened after I left the country. An American executive took a job over there, and on his very first day, the newspaper headlines read: "Three Headless Bodies Found".
So I submit and let you destabilise my heart
Well, we survived our first week of our new homeschool year. This is my fifth year teaching but my first year teaching high school. Our work load is really intense. Our week actually went quite well. We did a fun experiment with Coke and teeth. It was pretty gross. I hope to post pics of that this weekend.
Todd van Allen gives my return to comedy an Under/Over of eight months – he’s betting under. I’m not prepared to never say never – but I’m pretty sure he’s going to lose that bet.
I was looking through my attic and found an antique phone, that actually still works (well sort of!) I took it downstairs to let my nephew try it out. He of course had no idea what that silly thing was, he certainly didn't think it was a phone! It also gave me the perfect opportunity for a cool layout.
How is it that major artists make a name for themselves, and then turn around and do paint by number? There is nothing original about Hirst's canvases (don't get me started on the sliced, pickled cows, for real). I believe he has an atelier of devoted, starving artists painting his polka dots for him.
The first tortilla, I told myself as I flung it burnt-side-up into the bin, was akin to the first pancake - always a miss-fire.
On the first day of every month, it is “Ladies Day” at the movies in Japan. Women can buy a ticket for only ¥1,000. Some theaters offer discounts on Wednesdays, too.
1/4 cup yellow cornmeal
Whew! I’m feeling really hot now…was it as good for you, as it was for me?
Hank III – Rebel Within
"We wanted to fill them with change and shake them," said Smorgen, "but change has started to become scarce again and we don't know if we have enough. So we will fill them with dried pasta instead. We will also bang on them with wooden spoons."
Since then, I’ve been freelancing for another organization in the same sector. It’s not that Senioritis, Ltd. is up-and-coming, or that the benefits are generous, or even that I enjoy my colleagues, who for the most part are cranky and delusional. It’s just a natural, organic fit.
So, in my opinion, Blizzard favored one faction over the other. The developers liked the Alliance side more than the Horde and unconsciously favored them with game development. I do think they strived to equalize it. But as I no longer play I can not tell you if they succeeded.
My card stocks are SU!, my designer paper is scraps, the inks are Gathered Twigs Distress Ink, and I added brads in gold, copper, and silver, to give the card an edge. The cards were fussy cut and popped up.
As my little girl entered the world with her own views of how things would play out, my list went out the window! Breastfeeding was a breeze; that was until my milk dried up at 5 weeks, so out came the formula. I do not feel bad that I formula fed little miss for the first 11 out of 12 months of her life, although I have armed myself with loads of supply-increasing recipes just incase I’m faced with this next time.
I think of how I thrust him out into the world, relieved to get a break when he was in preschool, delighted to be down to three kids for the day when he was in first grade. I think about homework I was too tired to help with, classroom parties I tried to attend but had to leave due to a crying baby/hungry baby/sick baby. The times I shushed him in order to allow one of his siblings more nap time.
The support for these Far Right parties is not significant for another reason. Capital looks to fascism when its rule is under threat from a powerful working class, organised and led, by a revolutionary party. Fascism is its last resort under such conditions, because it involves the bosses abandoning their preferred form of political rule - bourgeois democracy - which allows them to rule more or less directly, and instead to hand over that political rule to the fascists. Moreover, fascist totalitarianism is a unique merging of the political power with the State power, in a way that not even traditional Bonapartism achieves. Such a situation is extremely dangerous for Capital, because of its unpredictability, its lack of control, and the threat to individual Capitals it entails. Before resorting to fascism, as Trotsky says, Capital is far more likely to make additional concessions to the workers, in order to buy time before reasserting control, through its trusted methods via Social Democracy.
Mohamed Jallow is a former Colin Powell fellow. He graduated with a BA in International Studies in 2008, and currently pursuing and MPA at City College. He is a program associate at the Council on Foreign Relations.
Yesterday we enjoyed a very warm day. We talked about Spring and all of the wonderful things about it. We went on a long walk to the park, we made little birds in a nest, planted seeds, weeded the garden, and read some books about Spring.
His occupational therapist told me Friday they ordered him a new desk...a wrap around model to help with his focus when he does seat work. Seat work? I didn't know he was doing seat work. Yeah..and we're getting him cardboard dividers so when we work with him one on one, he is less distracted. Hum. So, maybe we're underestimating this boy. He's learning his colors? Sitting in a desk? Minding us? It was an eye opening last few days in regards to Peter, that's for certain.
Zines 101 – A Quick Guide to Zines
And he says, Emma? That’s a lovely name.
when night was ending
I also want to ring my own bell...The latest edition of Wiregrass Living Magazine is out and I am featured with 2 Children's rooms!! I Love the Magazine and am so thankful to My Clients for allowing me to have fun with their children's rooms and also to the Magazine for including me. I have taken some photos with my phone..They Do Not Do Justice to the Photography by Brian! Go out and get your issue!!
I will use the random number generator on Monday, April 30 to select the winner. I would do it on my b-day but no blogging allowed while on vacation according to the hubs!
Pray for peace for my family.
It's a fun read and you'll learn a lot!
Thanks for coming by! I really enjoyed playing with my Unity Stamps this week, and I'm excited to be able to give away a set to one lucky reader. All you have to do is leave a comment on any of this week's posts, and I'll pick a random winner this weekend. Make sure you leave a way for me to contact you!
I recently came across something I wrote almost a year ago while living in DC for my final semester of college. Though some of the ideas are specific to my time and program in DC, I feel that the larger arguments were worth posting. I was happy to come across this article and be reminded of some of these things. Anyways, here she is:
However, despite the challenges, I felt pretty upbeat and realised that I’m lucky: I’m a resilient person and bounce back quickly from setbacks. I try to find the positives in every situation. Here they are.
Yet for all my desires, it’s only happened twice. Only two men have been able to see exactly how I want to be treated and been capable of delivering it. I get that dominance isn’t for everyone—if it were, my attempts to shimmy into a corset and latex skirt and slash a whip in the air would’ve probably either led me to a devoted husband or a career as a dominatrix by now. But for the most part, I’ve spent my time in the kinky world watching and waiting. I’ve always believed that good things come to those who wait, as facile as that might sound. I’m 24, and I’ve been waiting long enough, observing, staring, lusting after those women lucky enough to get taken over a man’s knee, to be tied up to a cross, to have a gag shoved in their mouth while they thrash around, knowing that they can’t escape until everyone gets what they need.
I spoke to a guest at dinner tonight about a wedding she went to in New Jersey over the weekend. She said it was very nice but there was so much food at the cocktail hour she didn't realize that there was also going to be a three-course dinner and a buffet of desserts following it.
And most importantly her book, News to Me, Adventures of an Accidental Journalist, is available from Amazon.co.uk, in fact from any of the European Amazons as well as dot.com of course. Go check it out. You'll be pleased you did.
Some may argue that that's what people who lose say. Perhaps so. But it's true. I'm really fine, and for the first time in a long time I can put things in my mouth and wonder when I'll be able to burn them off....
i thought i was ready, then it hit me that i was going to have to do math with not one kid, but TWO!
1 wing
“SUARAM wants the police and the government to stop all the harassment to stop the people from practicing their fundamental liberties. SUARAM urges the government to look into the demands of the Bersih 2.0 instead of clamping down on their freedom of expression and assembly. If the Prime Minister Najib is sincere in listening to the people and practicing the slogan “People First”, then he should not curb people’s rights and freedoms.
As far as experiencing the story as an audio book I have to say I loved the character voices that the narrator did. The changes she made to her voice were just right for each character. My favorite was Iko’s voice. Perfect. But the audio itself kept me really interested. The plot was rewarding. I liked that the romance with the prince was spread throughout the story (honestly ‘fist-pumped’ while running a few times due to romantic happenings). Learning about Cinder’s cyborg system and her history was peppered across the story as well…it made me want to run longer just to lean more!
10/31/2011 SELL 0.01 usdjpy 77.189
My analysis with is Congress, listen up and pay attention. Politics as usual is O V E R!
It’s reconnecting with your spouse as you realise you’re both on the same page. It’s a sea of Pixar jigsaw puzzles and Sonic the Hedgehog. It’s a wall of curious, immaculately crafted drawings. It’s watching him play, and realising that because you’ve caught it early, there’s a possibility that one day he might even be normal. And it’s realising, in the same breath, that you don’t care. Because he’s yours, this amazing person, this strange and conflicted creature with unfamiliar demons and a brain you can’t even pretend to examine, one that is more normal, perhaps, than that of a thousand other children who are worse-afflicted, but one that still confuses and perplexes you. He is yours, this child of the stars, this being with so much zest and potential, this person who lives on a different plane to you, but who perhaps sees things that you never could. He is yours, and you love him for who he is, and as he is, until the very end.
Pros: A sail boat provides you with a bed, stove, table, chairs, etc. You have the comfort of a campervan with the fuel use of a pushbike.
Second blog done. Uploaded by mobile phone.
Ok, that last rule isn't etched in stone. I just liked the symmetry.
Recently I found out that one of my best friends who happens to be my sister in law is.....EXPECTING! Yes, she is PREGNANT and we couldn't be more happier for her. She is due Early Jan. 2012 and I just know she will make a great mother and I am mostly excited to meet this Little Baby along with being by her side through this journey. Her and I have become so close over the last few years and knowing that she is getting to experience this wonderful gift that GOD has created and she will get to feel a LOVE that she has never felt before just makes my heart happy!! We already call this baby, Sweet Pea and I am saying it's going to be a BOY! I just have that feeling and Momma J has that feeling too. Momma J is what I will refer to when I speak of my SIL. Congrats to her and our family. Babies are such a blessing and I can't wait to have another one in our lives. Momma J- I love you and I am so proud of you!!
One thing I noticed about this image is her bottom left hand glove didn't have the stripes like the right hand does. Not sure if it was a mistake by the artist who drew her, or if it was meant to be that way? But either way, I used my black Prisma ink pen to draw in the stripes for her other glove. I found it works really good with the Copics too, doesn't bleed at all!
Hi sweet friends, hope you're all well and looking forward to nice weather. Here in the Finger Lakes we're still betwixt and between, 80 degrees one day and plowable snow 48 hours later, sheesh! One of these days the Weather Man will have to decide what he wants to do ~ wait... I know ~ he should check with Mother Nature! She's a woman, she knows everything, she's good like that:)
I believe people are free and able to determine for themselves what counts as accomplishment.
The aroma of Rosemary oil is warm and stimulating, being used to strengthen mental awareness. For centuries Rosemary oil has been used for troubled skin and for improving hair growth, perhaps due to its possible skin regenerative properties. It can also be an excellent antiseptic and anti-microbial agent.
During our New Year walk to the (frozen) canal Junior spotted a discarded crisp packet lying in the snow. This was the conversation that followed - a somewhat typical exchange of words with a curious 6 year old boy:
to hell with tensile strength, sheer strength
Now, I like movies. And I like to share my opinions about movies. So you can imagine I was a pretty vocal participant in class.
So the author is one of those I call a 'PC vigilante', a self-appointed censor of other people. Self-righteousness on this issue, along with its companion vice, victimhood, is a plague on our society.
With a sensitive side,
It's been quite a while since I've posted a hearth bread on this blog. Truth be told, I don't bake many hearth loaves; most of the bread consumed in our house is in toast form, so I'm usually baking bread in loaf pans to be sliced and toasted for breakfast. And (maybe because I make so many sandwich/toast loaves) I'm not very comfortable baking hearth loaves.
If I was a 26y.o guy I doubt I’d have much of a concern going home with a 20y.o chick (possibly that’s a gross stereotypical statement but this is my blog) and it bugs me that for some reason I feel like I shouldn’t do it.
Cake flavor: Pineapple cake with pecans inside of it frosted with cream cheese filling and decorated in fondant!
Carragher’s comments raise the question of whether the Football Association should scrap foreign appointments – or whether they go down this route because there is a dearth of managerial talent in this country.
Now, my sweet friends, it is time that I must say goodbye and a huge THANK YOU to my team mates. I hope to visit them every chance I can get to see what they grace this blog world with...and what they inspire all of us with. Perhaps, we will all come together again at some time. I won't say goodbye to the rest of you, as I do hope to continue to drop in and catch up from time to time. Enjoy life and take each opportunity as it comes.
a time to kill and a time to heal,
I Tried My Hand @ Adding Lace for More Dimension/Interest.
So Corpus Christi may well have wished to forget that Marlowe existed. There is precedence for this too. Henry Butts, Corpus Christi master in 1632, worked heroically to relieve suffering during the plague, but later went insane. This was deemed ‘a disgrace’, and his portrait was taken down and hidden.
As Forest City Enterprises' stock declines dramatically, rating company Standard & Poor's cuts FCE's credit rating, citing "concerns about Forest City's debt load and the company's ambitious development plans in a weak economy."
Few drop of mango essence (i added 2 drops of vanilla essence )
The only time you wore them at School was for P.E.
She danced her little heart out and those little wandering eyes looking out for Mummy and Daddy were just adorable.
We’d also like to take the time and give some respect to an often overlooked part of wrestling shows – the managers. A lot of our favorite memories involving big names in the wrestling industry wouldn’t have been possible without them. Who would have been the mouthpiece for Andre the Giant in his heated rivalry with Hulk Hogan if there was no Bobby Heenen? Who would have remembered the rivalries that the Midnight Express were involved in if it weren’t for the great ringside presence and promo work of Jim Cornette? Managers lend their gift of gab to performers who would rather let their wrestling do the talking. They have been an important part of this business for decades and we are honored to have one of wrestling’s most exciting new managers to our trading card set. We are sure that Mr. Late Nite will continue to deliver great promos and entertain fans wherever he goes with his unique brand of showmanship.
I thank You Father for depositing within my spirit, special abilities according to the measure of the gift of Christ. No task or endeavour is beyond me for I have in me the grace and supernatural ability I require for every task, in Jesus Christ Name I pray! Amen!
I have no more pleadings left. The Judge will determine whether death is eminent.
How do you let your boss or teachers know that you’re sick? How did they react? Have people been jerks to you? Was it totally awkward? Do you have any success stories?
Hondros and his friend Ravinder Singh, 31, later picked up the victim and her friend from a train station before going to Singh's home in suburban Lalor in September last year.
sums up why you don't want to see them!
With a land mass of 34,059
CONSERVATIVE: pasty pasty pasty. I like pasties too. Yum yum. Last pasty I had. Pasty pasty. Cynical Leader of the Oppastie photo pastie. Pasty pasty pasty pas…
Coriander - 1 tsp
Next on tonight's agenda is Dunkin' Donuts. (Oooo, actually I could really go for a cuppa coconut coffee right about now. Be right back...) I seriously did just run out for a cuppa coffee when I picked my son up from church. Mmmm. Anyway, back to what I was saying.
I have been really loving all of this photography that's happening lately. I've always loved it, but it's like cranked up a hundred notches these days! I took four years of Photo in high school and loved every minute of it. Glad to be all up in it's grill again.
At the Lone Pine Koala Sanctuary in Brisbane, Australia guests can pet koalas — hopefully one of the better-tempered ones.
quantity of our peacekeeping
I’m not usually one for complaining, but this is just a huge annoyance that I could have done without since I have only just launched. I have unfortunately had to increase postage prices to combat this. In addition to this, I have had to restrict what i am able to send outside of the UK:
For the first 7 years of her life, I watched Katie grow up from an observer's point of view - seeing her often, getting to know her the way one gets to know a good friend's child, watching the friendship develop between her and Laura, and hoping it would blossom into the same kind of friendship Jill and I always had. And now for the past 4 years, I've been able to watch her grow up through the eyes of an adoptive parent. The little girl we used to babysit is now our daughter. And her best friend Laura is now her sister, and they'll always be there for each other. Looking back, it's hard to imagine that it wasn't always this way.
No Jules, you’re gonna be like those pieces of shit out there who beg for change. They walk around like a bunch of fuckin’ zombies, they sleep in garbage bins, they eat what I throw away, and dogs piss on ‘em. They got a word for ‘em, they’re called bums. And without a job, residence, or legal tender, that’s what you’re gonna be — a fuckin’ bum!
Tomorrow we’re starting off by getting gear from my school, at 9AM. Then at 12AM my director, his assistant, one of my assistants and I are going to Panavision and Panalux where we’re picking up the camera, lenses, a JIB, Dedolights and some Kino Flos. We have dropped the RED and are shooting the entire film on the ARRI SR3, using mostly 35mm lenses. Since we start shooting tomorrow, I will only have about three hours alone with the camera gear before I need to know how everything works. And load four mags with 16mm film. We start off in studio, then move on to location tomorrow.
If you stare at the center of the image, it looks as if the outer rings are rotating in alternating directions—an effect meant to mesmerize the viewer. Photo courtesy of Todd A. Carpenter
Today was my Personal Wellness “final.” (It was really just a unit test) It took all of 14 minutes for me to finish the test. But during that 14 minutes, some girl behind me was coughing. Probably for a good 7 minutes. I’m not very patient when I’m taking tests- I get insanely irritated by little things. This was one of them. I really wanted to turn around and force a stupid cough drop down her throat. I mean, seriously! I probably would have been slightly more forgiving had it actually sounded like she had a cold or something, but it definitely sounded as though she were faking the coughs. That was actually the part that pissed me off. And now that I’m back in the dorm, I was thinking about other little things that piss me off when they happen during quiet parts of class or during tests. And here they are:
5) That young poets have to 'find their voice' and then stick with it. Poetry is at least partly a form of ventriloquism. But it's not a bad thing to find a style and stick with it. Some poets make a career out of being many voices. Edwin Morgan comes to mind. A poet who only has one voice might end up being very boring; or they might end up being Norman MacCaig. In any case, your 'voice' will find you: Edwin Morgan never sounded anything other than himself, whether he was the Loch Ness Monster or a Mercurian.
we weren't fighting then
Picture it—you’re a young widow woman, scratching out a living raising goats and chickens in the beautiful hills of rural Pennsylvania. You make lovely scented soaps from the goats’ milk, and sell the soap and chicken eggs at the local farmers market. Your trusty beagle and cat curl up with you at night, and you visit each morning with the mail man, listening to him deliver local gossip along with the U.S. mail. Sounds somewhat idyllic, doesn’t it? Don’t hold your breath.
Absolutely. Tell us more, Manish.
Once you commence working with it, you are going to placed the powers of manifestation into overdrive. Everybody have the capability to perform this, you only have to study how you can use it. But that is not all, you are going to also develop into much more productive from currently being far more organized and possessing maximum focus. In stead of operating more challenging, you can get the job done smarter, reaching a lot more in much less time. And you also will likely be capable of minimize stress and limit the hrs you sleep, acquiring extra time to shell out on your personal lifestyle, as an example using your spouse and children. As you discover how to strengthen your life, you are going to also find out how to improve your self-esteem and self confidence. After you find out the best way to use your sub-aware thoughts, and utilize the facility in the law of attraction, the possibilities are totally UNLIMITED!
14. Sunny Day - Pigbag / 6:11
Here are some basic and more advanced tips to help infertility clinics successfully participate in the social media revolution:
For now it seems that the revocation of the agreement incurs few political costs for Egypt. The agreement supplying Israel with natural gas was, in fact, a commercial agreement, unlike the oil agreement between the two nations, which appears as an appendix to the peace agreement. Although the June 2005 agreement was backed by a “political umbrella,” it seems that the Egyptians are not attributing much meaning to the latter. From the beginning, the Egyptians sought to avoid deep political commitments to Israel as much as possible in order to downplay the importance of the gas agreement for normalization between the nations, and perhaps even to prepare the ground for its revocation. This theme was already apparent
globe, our plate is very full. While I believe this is an important
Sick of the direction her thoughts were taking, Melanie set aside the laptop and scrambled off the bed. She paced the room, but the ice blue walls, the blond furniture, and frilly eyelet curtains—so not her taste—made her long for open spaces. She yanked off her brown shorts and beige tank top, pulled on her just-washed desert clothes, gathered her cell phone, camera, extra memory card, canteen, and stepped outside.
Hackgate has been an exciting, disturbing, perhaps even threatening story at times: a race in which there are many horses – and almost as many jockeys trying to block the progress of others. As Operation Weeting begins to upset senior Met officers, another one begins. As Hunt gives a verbal clearance to the BSkyB deal, Justice Vos makes another civil case date in Court. And just when it looks like Coulson and Brooks (and thus Camerlot) are safe, up pops Tom Watson to ask a question, or liberal journalists with new and ever-more damning information to make readers across the spectrum go to the site. (I’d probably read the Guardian twice in 2010 before last November: now I look at the main stories and media section every day.)
His answer was that he was feeling depressed. For the first two weeks of January, he only got one day shift. Business is very slow in the restaurant biz this time of year. His X-Box is at the pawn shop, because we wouldn't buy help him to put gas into his V-8 engine Jeep. I've heard addicts say that is' very dangerous to feel boredom. B was broke, had no X-Box and spent day after day at home, watching television. That's when he ran into Miss J. That was his connection, several years ago. He says that Miss J offered him oxy in exchange for hauling her around to do deliveries. (Yes, it has occurred to the danger in just that-- what if they'd been pulled over. That's a felony to possess oxy.)
01. We Take Care Of Our Own
The cruelty underlying the appeal of this act makes it closer to gladiatorial spectacle in conception than to vaudeville. The Cherry Sisters were so awful it was like a car wreck. The difference between them and Fred Allen , who’d billed himself as “The World’s Worst Juggler”, was a complete lack of self awareness. There were five Cherry Sisters: Effie, Addie, Ella, Jessie and Lizzie. Singers without charm or wit, they stood there, sang off key, and were under the mistaken impression that they were actually quite good. [“It would not be too far off the mark, “ wrote one of them,” to say we were one of the best.”]
It was a great day. And I wasn't alone, as you can see in the photos above. My magical Promo Pixies turned up - three of them! They looked after my table when I needed the loo and did my talk, and generally hung around and supported me. I saw the gorgeous Damh the Bard again and was rewarded with another of his massive bear hugs, which was particularly exciting as I'd been listening to his latest album "Tales from the Crow Man" all the way up in the car. It's brilliant, by the way, and I'd thoroughly recommend it. I had a long chat with Colin and Karen Cater of Hedingham Fair, who produce stunning cards, ceramics, T-shirts and books, and who are Stonewylde fans themselves. I met lots of really interesting people including Tony Bates who photographs hares and other wildlife so beautifully, and generally had a fantastic time.
Some friends and I were having a conversation on tango the other day and the subject drifted toward the manner of dance here in the states, in particular, what seems to be a common tendency among highly skilled dancers and professionals. To specify, I'm fairly certain it was in reference to many who dance in the style generally referred to or understood as "neo" or "nuevo," which quite frankly seems to comprise many of the well known professionals. Anyway, my friend was saying how she finds that most people she has danced with in this style who are from this country have a curious lack of dynamic compared to people from Europe or Argentina. By "dynamic," we mean the manner in which energy is shared between partners; the give and take of force. For example, how the leader can mark a propulsion in the follower and then use the energy from her subsequent inertia to power his own movement. (This can also work the other way, where the follower uses the leader's energy.)
You may not believe it, but when a U.S. company closes down a U.S. manufacturing plant fires its American workers and moves those good-paying jobs to China or other locations abroad, U.S. tax law actually rewards those companies with a large tax break called deferral. The tax code allows these firms to defer paying any U.S. income taxes on the earnings from those new foreign-manufactured products until those profits are returned, if ever, to this country. If a company making the same product decides to stay in this country, it is required to pay immediate U.S. taxes on the profits it earns here.
RAS Showgrounds, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia
When I was about 13, I was invited by a friend of mine to attend church with her. She went to a big, impressive Southern Baptist church that had just opened a cool new family activity center that had a gym, an indoor running track, classrooms, etc. Other friends of ours attended this church, and so I thought nothing of it when I agreed to accompany her family to a few worship services. Since my family didn't "do" church, the only way I was going to go to church at all was going to be by tagging along with another family who did.
After I took the requested photo, I asked if he'd like me to send it to Gigi, and he said no, mama, I want you to show ALL your friends. Little does he know I have a very convenient outlet for doing so:
I wasn't sure about the Sardines after the first bite, but had a couple more and ended up liking it! Probably won't be a regular on the menu (hubby was not thrilled), but I am definitely less intimidated by them now!
And thank you to everyone who gave me the link to Get a Human. For those who didn't see this in the comments, it's a link that will take you to a page of information on how to bypass those automated voice systems and get through to an actual live person.
We are a big fan of using visuals in this house. We have them everywhere! On the fridge, above the basin, on the toilet wall, in the shower, over the bath, in the car and on their wardrobes reminding them to do the basic tasks like getting dressed. A simple picture of them getting dressed wouldn’t work, they need the sequence that the clothes need to go on.
This story pulled nearly every emotional string I have. Hedlund’s characters resonated with me and the story’s message beats a drum on my heart that God has been beating for weeks now: courage in the face of new and terrifying experiences.
Sure, I got to knock some items off my bucketlist which is awesome. And I got to do some fun stuff with people like Chocolatefest. But I only went to the gym once, my 1 pop a day was un-doable, I did get in a lot of walking. I didn’t use weights and I only did pilates twice.
I wanted to share with you what our county does each year for our children. Each school in the county has a health fair. Students from The University Of Alabama come in mass and do all kinds of screenings on our children.
I cant even think straight today because S and I are getting on a plane TOMORROW
We arrived in Montana at 2:30 in the morning, slept for three hours, and were up and boiling water for the hot water bottles by 6:00. At 7:00, equipment packed and requisite eight layers of insulating clothing donned, we headed to the snowmobiles, and by 7:30 we were at the trap, where two members of the field crew, in another act of dedication, had spent the night camped out in the snowstorm to make sure that F3 was okay.
“What if neither of them was your husband? I never saw him before.”
your gaze would return to me.
M.E.R. series, #1
in the mix.
We plan on working on our tan
We’ve rounded up a week of promotions ever since our debut stage and have already gained so much attention and love, and it makes us feel especially blessed. I really don’t know what we should do to show our gratitude, thank you so much.
The important point to make here is that consumer expenditure has failed to recover to pre-financial crisis levels in the last two years and this not only coincides with weaker GDP growth but also higher unemployment and higher inflation. Furthermore, industrial production has failed to significantly boost GDP, slowing in recent quarters to close to zero growth as the effects of the initial stimulus have worn away despite the drop in the value of sterling.
Monsters and Critics.com
the states of utah, arizona, and i think california.
Besides taking the opportunity to vent about a situation that I find very frustrating, this story seems to me worth telling because it provides something of a parable of the contradictions involved in being a professor of popular music. It's my job to try to cultivate a more sophisticated understanding of popular music and the larger media system through which it's produced. But to do so, I need resources of a sort that are pretty common outside the academic setting but far less so inside. Adding to that, it's important for me not to take the supposedly inevitable tide of technological "progress" as a given. Just because the corporations that earn enormous profits from the production of new technologies have deemed some particular item or format to be obsolete doesn't mean that we should all follow suit. Vinyl may be, in the end, just another commodity item, no more no less, but it was also a dominant form in which people experienced music for the better part of a century, and the notion that we should all dispense with our vinyl archives because of changing media is folly.
The criminal trial for Representative Terrill is expected to be drawn out over several months. With the House convening today for Organizational Day and the full session beginning the first Monday in February, Terrill will be voting on legislation without being cleared of the charges of impropriety.
3. Groups can ideate, creating a lot of varied ideas fast
#1: You can omit the walnuts, but if you don't wish to, then pre-roast the walnuts first in a preheated oven at 160C for about 8-10 minutes (before mixing in with batter).
It seems odd to not let people know about it at all but then it feels like you're asking people to vote and that feels even odder. It's here if you're interested.
Played my first game of the new D&D play-test and it felt really old school. Strange how being butchered to a man by hobgoblins will do that... There were no survivors.
I would also leave the frosting off the sides and stick to the filling between the cake layers.
But my rape gate is my new best friend.
When you're the majority and want to opress a minority, the easiest way is to let them know that their existence is provisional in the territory that you control. Israeli Arabs see that what was once the discourse of the most marginal elements in the society has now become mainstream; that what was once whispered is now unabashedly shouted; that the State is closing in on them with a growing arsenal of proposals to restrict their private property rights, to curtail their freedom of speech and conscience and even to "encourage" their emigration. It matters little that the projects are not enacted. The objective is that with each round of threats the Arabs will have to be thankful that the State deigned not to expel them this time.
from the base of your old dresser.
Up the steps to the harbour wall fish scales trail.
In addition to all the helpful life-saving homeschool helps, forms, planners, and calendars, the 2010 Schoolhouse Planner also has an abundance of household forms and planners as well. From menu planners to medical information forms, babysitting info sheets, cleaning checklists, chore charts, household and vehicle maintenance checklists, gardening planners and checklists, personal property inventory sheets for insurance purposes, and so much more. I simply can't tell you the wealth of information that is included in this planner. (But surely knowing that it's 614 pages long should give you some idea!)
1 8 oz package of seitan
They only make it as far as the next interesting place, Scotland, and find themselves in the throws of a castle, because, well, something happened, but there they were. The hunched back man who answered the door, eerily followed the three around the castle. Door after door was opened, with the hopes of finding Larry’s father, but all that lay behind each one was a new mystery to solve. Behind one, for example, was Central Earth which consisted of the children of Men, Elves, and Gnomes that haunted the gardens of Men. There Larry, his red-headed girl, named, um, Matilda, and Juan, connected with Leroy, son of the Dave, son of the Harold, who produced DNA papers stating that he was indeed the father of Larry, and also a prince.
In a sauce pan, at low heat, combine sugar, honey and peanut butter. Heat for about 1-2 minutes stirring to dissolve sugar. Remove from heat and add cereal, oats, dark cocoa powder and flax seed meal. Press into a square baking pan lined with foil like in the picture.
The Papists were the Roman Catholics who wanted the English church to be returned under the authority of the Pope. They were excluded from the translation process and attempted to assassinate King James and blow up Parliament in the foiled Gunpowder Plot on 5 November. This is remembered annually in the Guy Fawkes fire works.
Then our new story begins – Once upon a Heavenly time …
After our session, we headed to Verizon. Because my phone was acting up. Sigh. I put our names on the waiting list, and sent Captain America off to Howdys to get us some drinks. See, I was thinking. I facebooked for a while, and after about 20 minutes, they called my name. Captain America was there about 5 minutes after that.
Not having all the necessary groceries was not going to stop me so I improvised a little and learned a lot in the process.
When your going to school, working on your next project, and trying to make a difference try your very best to focus on clarity. Can you tell me what your purpose is in one sentence? If not then you’ve got some work to do.
Wow, Friday again already! Time has flewn by in the past few weeks, and now there is less than 24 hours until my awesome husband has to leave for his 12 month deployment. I am trying not to be sad, and just enjoy the day....
Okay, sorry to bore you guys. But weeelllll.....
The picture you see was sent me by one of the towering intellectual powerhouses of marketing, my old friend and colleague Daz Valladares.
Years ago while serving as Area Director for South and Southeast Asia, I had the responsibility of dispersing the budget for more than 500 missionaries in the 15 countries of that region. We monitored receipts to CP and LMCO knowing it would affect the resources we had available. Even though there were usually increases in these income streams, it was never enough to meet our budget needs. I was the one who had to determine which programs would be cut back, which new initiatives would be deferred, etc.
If you are happy to write books to commission, rather than coming up with the ideas yourself first, you can contact commissioning editors of relevant lists and introduce yourself, explaining what you write. This only works for some types of books. Don't approach an editor at Faber saying you'd like to write some literary novels and would they get in touch, please, when they need some written? That doesn't happen. But if you want to write reading-scheme-type fiction for early readers, or books on cat care, or travel guides, you can approach a commissioning editor, with examples of your previous relevant publications, and ask if they have any openings in their list. Expect to be told 'No'. That's the default answer. You just might get lucky. Then they may say 'we're commissioning short stories with a scientific content supporting key stage 1 science' or some such. And then you decide if you can do it and want to do it.
First, this is a parody of the Genesis account: Solomon is exercising dominion over the post-Fall world. But his best efforts are futile attempts to approximate the original creation. He must try to force the creation to look like the world which once was. But in so doing, he will only create oppression and injustice (Eccl. 3:16).
Article 9 "Made public" provided in Item 1 of Article 10of the Copyright Law means that a copyrighter publishes his/her works voluntarily to a non-specific group of people or that publishing a copywriter's works to a non-specific group of people after obtaining the copywriter's consent, but being known by the public is not a composite condition for that.
Our fortune cookies were not the crisp, thin and perfectly folded objects of perfection that we'd imagined. Instead, they were decidedly thicker and they stubbornly refused to be folded without breaking in half - every time. Pudding Pie was not heavily impressed. (Observe the look of disdain.)
I guess she’s right. My intellectual knowledge that no human lives forever has morphed into a personal knowledge that my life is terminal. As for my illness, it will take years to know if I’ve been “cured.” Yet somehow I’m finding peace in my heart, not anxiety.
Chilaquiles (chee-lah-key-les) are small, corn chip sized pieces of corn tortillas that are lightly fried and served with a chile sauce and cheese. In a sense, it's like a tasty casserole that can be eaten either for breakfast or as a regular meal. The sauces can vary from red to green chile or mole sauce.
Why is this
To play along, just make a project using the provided sketch and upload it to your blog or online gallery. Then leave a link to your project using the linky widget at the bottom of this post.
Asafoetida – a pinch
“We might as well try it,” says Mr Young. “I mean, what can go wrong? It just has to get hot and steamy, after all. Is there really any need to pay more just for fancy switches and lights and a big water chamber?”
Vesper ends up betraying Bond in the end. She’s a double agent, working for the organization that employs Le Chiffre. Her boyfriend was held hostage by the group and they coerced her into working for them to get the money. What’s nice is that because Lynd isn’t a professional at all of this, her tears are real when she sees Bond kill the two African terrorists. The filmmakers have managed to make all of her actions consistent with both her growing attraction to Bond and her ultimate betrayal. It’s a quiet but powerful performance by Green, and the relationship between Vesper and Bond grows naturally through the film so you feel her betrayal all the more when it comes (even if you know it’s probably coming).
If this sounds like you, you’ll probably get a kick out of the book This Day In Music: An Everyday Record of 10,000 Musical Facts by Neil Cossar. The book is divided into a page a day, and on each page are listed all the musicians who were born on that day, and all the interesting events and facts that occurred on that day as well, all accompanied with photographs, newspaper clippings, and other various visual material.
Watched it last night, haunted by the fullness, the beauty, the suffering, world without end, of a chosen people, just and unjust. When tempted to lay all at the feet of judgement, or to decry such pronouncements, I remember
If you have read this far and still not secured your booking, get over to The Local Taphouse blog and book a spot. Before the Beer Nerds hook all the good tables. Links to the page as well as to The Crafty Pint’s Events diary for Good Beer Week are popped below.
But the boss's voice changed, and I knew we was beat.
Even a tiny square with a few trees and perhaps a water fountain .. some birds will stop by, you will catch a glimpse of green.
and the water tower was saved.
While I enjoyed the mudbugs…I must say that I feel like I got tricked a little. I had to purchase my ticket in advance, but I don’t know what that ticket was for. The band left early, I still had to pay for food/drinks, and I still had to pay for food/drink…need I say more?
I will miss the real comments! Don't forget about me!
Okay, that’s it for this week. Happy writing to you all and don’t forget to follow your dreams!
“Tango is more than just a dance or a sequence of steps. It is an expression of our emotions, an inner reflection of who we are and what we experience, a way to channel what we feel through movement. Tango is a language of expressing what we feel through motion, stirred in us by music, in unison with our partner. It comes into your lives in many different ways, as simple interest, a hobby, or a fascination… and ever so slowly it becomes an addiction.
She turned to me and said, "she looks like a lonely bride".
Thanks for playing, everyone!
As promised, here is the tutorial for the Lego block party bags (not that you couldn't figure it out without me).
ScrapArtsMusic offers intricate rhythms, athletic choreography, and an inventive reuse of materials. Fashioned from industrial scrap and offbeat materials ranging from accordion parts to artillery shells, ScrapArtsMusic’s one-of-a-kind instruments are as visually striking as their music is sonically riveting. The band presents a mix of music, movement, and spectacle, fueled by the kind of creativity that produced projects like Blue Man Group and Stomp.
Today, I decided to get the kids involved. My 3 1/2 year old and one of my 2 1/2 year old twins used some fabric crayons and colored and I ironed their creations onto some plain unbleached muslin. I need more colorings to make more fabric for the lining of a bag that I am planning on making for my mom for Christmas. I need something from my other twin and more from the other 2 kids so that I have enough material for the lining. I think this will make the bag even more special! I decided to cut out the pattern this afternoon and maybe I'll even pull out the sewing machine tonight or maybe I'll come home tomorrow while everyone is at school and sew or maybe during nap time. Maybe I can finish it this week and have a gift or at least a partial gift finished!
As I did not know how long she was already sitting on these eggs I decided to leave her where she was and tried to do everything a bit more comfortable for her i.e. I placed some more planting pots around her in order to protect her from further disturbance and view. And I had still no idea what would come next. Oh my – if I had known before…
November 9-10
You'd swap your broad mind for a narrow waist - Warwick.
it's light again
I’ll gladly
“Dead. Dead dead. I did a scan. No accounts. Your money is no good here. Last call for alcohol. One bourbon, one scotch, one beer. You don't have to go home, but you can't stay here. Blinkity.”
Hi my lovely Friends!
1 climbing
These Books are re-telling the story of Gawain or Percivel; the Knights who come into the Chateau Marvielle; the evil Sorcerer Klingsor’s Castle of Wonders, with all its Illusions, Flower-Maidens/Harlots who are both Vestal Virgins/Temple Prostitutes and they experience forced decisions into deceptive choices for the Greater of Two Evils… and THIS is what part of the God-Game among the “Elites” of the Ruling Classes to this day IS:
This was also a recipe I got off Pinterest but its from Martha Stewart. It’s called Less-Mess Bacon and here is the recipe. Makes sweet, easy, delicious bacon. Vegetarians, look away…now!
How big an issue is it, really? My guess is I'll catch more flack for my description of the proper way to drink a mint julep.
because of the blown wind or
The fight against homosexuality exists because of these ideas and is flawed by them equally.
Colors used (left to right): Wet 'n Wild Caught Red Handed, Color Club Wham! Pow!, Almost Famous, Twiggie, Chelsea Girl and Pucci Licious. I love this collection when I need primary colors for a manicure. The only thing it is missing in my opinion is a good red hence why I had to use a Wet 'n Wild Polish. The set contains two pinks instead which I didn't use for this manicure. You can see the cosmetic sponge that I used and my "palette" to dab on. The purple didn't actually make it onto my nails since they were too short. Guess there is always next time :D
In the 1950s, my dad was one of the first blacks to break the racist color barrier into the Baltimore Fire Department. The white firefighters rejected my dad and made conditions horrific for him. Still, dad won "Firefighter of the Year" two times. That's what I am talking about!
♥ 1 cup packed brown sugar
Some of the driving courses are also offered online that allows you to learn at your own pace. This was proven to be very effective in helping you to become familiar with the rules of the road. If in any case the course that you have chosen was not approved by the government you may call the local DMV to clarify if the course is acceptable for a learner’s permit application and driver’s license. Normally the classroom discussions in a driving education will be conducted by a qualified professional instructor. Most often the state may require driving schools to post their driving instructor’s certification so that students will know about their background and experience in the field. If your state does not require a driving school to do so you can simply ask for the instructor’s credentials or any proof that would support his legibility.
Japan Nuclear Meltdown: Nuclear Fuel Pool Has NO WATER, RODS EXPOSED – Plutonium Could Become Volatile! Long Time Love Affair Between MSNBC And America’s Wars! Ron Paul: The FedRes Bailed Out Foreign Banks And Corporations! Total Proof: Obama Not A Natural Born US Citizen, Not Eligible To Be POTUSA! Jeffrey Steinberg: World Depopulation is Illuminati Globalists’ Agenda! Bob Chapman: Gold Going to $8000/oz , Silver to $300 , $400 , $500… Fukushima Flush: Radiation 10,000 Times Normal Confirmed ! Mossad ‘Stole’ Gaza Man From Train in Ukraine! Friends of Israel: Enemies Inside the Gates!
Scores of parolees were arrested today in what is being described as the largest parole sweep in the history of Los Angeles. More than 60 people were arrested in the sweep, according to media reports.The task force operation included personnel from the U.S. Marshals Service; the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives; U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement; the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation; the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department; the Los Angeles County Probation Department; and the Los Angeles County Department of Children and Family Services.
I want a book – and it's not just the content I am talking about here, though of course that is somewhat crucial. It's the 'physical object', the actual 'bookiness' of the book that I am referring to – the smooth paper or card, the black words on a white page, the gradations of colour and tone in different styles of artwork, the folds, the flaps, the die-cuts, the matt laminate (a personal favourite) ... I’m sure you get the point.
I graduated from Spring Ford high school in Pennsylvania. By my junior year I had enough credits to attend our county’s vocational/technical school my senior year. I went for early childhood ed, and finished that year with a certificate in that as well as my diploma from Spring Ford. That’s it! All other schooling has come from hands-on, in the classroom experience.
1 ascension
Uhuuuu we have business cards!!
So how does it compare?
I hardly fucking read anymore, but recently was going through a bit of Kubrick reeducation of sorts. I came across this while looking up stuff, and thought it looked very interesting. For three bucks, how could I go wrong?
She walked over, and started to adjust my sisters bike. Once I saw her raise my sisters seat….who is shorter than me, I knew it- I was doomed.
Indeed, Brodsky noted that, because the stadium would produce relatively few jobs, NYC IDA officials had to get a mayoral waiver to move the project along. (He said there’d be 140 permanent jobs; the Yankees now say 1000. Pinsky said figures in Juan Gonzalez's New York Daily News column yesterday were premature.)
Stereotypes will not go away, but it is worth noting that as long as Asians have some form of control of their own media image, we can break those conventions and help keep it within context.
At home, you get to listen to your children fight over the remote control and get treated to hours and hours of mindless cartoons thanks to cable.
The story revolves around “Crash” Davis (Kevin Costner), an aging minor league catcher who has log sense missed his chance to make it to The Show. He is assigned to the Durham Bulls in order to prepare a young pitching phemon named Ebby Calvin “Nuke” Laroosh make it to the majors. Nuke is chosen by baseball groupie Annie Savoy (Susan Sarandon) as her chosen affair for the season, but she finds herself increasingly attracted to Crash instead.
Girl
You end up with cookie-cutter creatives coming in from the same ad courses, with the same books, the same way of thinking, and the same teaching. And you end up with legions of planners and account people who are uniform in their thinking, or their life experience. It's not a recipe for a diverse and excitingly dangerous melting pot of people. And that's what advertising has had at its best. And what it needs for the future.
“Elk City.”
The King's Speech won another award. Do we have an Oscar count? I don't remember. I know that Inception won 4 so far.
Start saving your $4.99/month Mom, DogTV is crossing the country. And… you know what’s next… yup! CatTV!
Trinity United Methodist Church
of orange hair that seemed an herbicide …
It’s time ‘THEY’ and the Liberal/RINO lawmakers are all VOTED out of office this November, 2012!! Save America now in 2012!!
It's been a dismal fall for new TV. While a lot of returning shows have come back strong (The Good Wife, Community, to a lesser extent Dexter and How I Met Your Mother), most of the fall pilot slate was dire, and even promising and prestigious series like Boardwalk Empire and The Walking Dead have proven underwhelming. Amidst this dross and disappointment, however, I still managed to find two new series to get excited and even fannish over. Naturally, they've both been canceled.
We knew we wanted to make a tufted headboard for her bed so me and Jon decided to go through our house/garage and see if there was anything we could use to make one.
Though those are awesome things to be sure,
My nomination for the Versatile Blogger Award goes to Vieveandlynsker. They are sisters who draw, paint, knit and have a liking for elves. Wait a minute…their blog is only one month old. Why, I’ll nominate them for the Liebster too.
I had a wonderfully busy day yesterday, but didn't get a single stitch accomplished in any of those hours.
Perhaps my favorite thing about Jeddah (and key in my bidding strategy) is the abundance of palm trees! Sure, they're date palms and not my absolute favorite coconut palms, but they're still pretty and everywhere and make me feel calm.
I used two different dry embossing folders, one was by accident, but it came together very well.
今日は私の生まれ育った国日本のことについて書こうと思います。
Aside from the unprecedented occurrence of flapping his mouth and threatening the Supreme Court about a matter pending before the justices, President Obama was also busy at a recent summit alienating our two closest neighbors.
That we could possibly have the counter-Reformation at last seems impossible, and yet all around us the false dawn of secularism is fading into a desperate night in a red light district.
For me, Buddhism is a psychological 'lens' for being skilfully present in the world and attempting not to fall into the traps and delusions of the ego – in other words, seeing the limitations of our habitual way of being in the world, and making choices based on an awareness that everything we think, say and do has consequences, and choosing response rather than reaction (I say again this is aspirational, but meditation and a commitment to mindfulness do keep the aspiration in view!). Through this lens I also practise a path that includes both gnostic/arcane and mystical elements.
I have two of Merle O'Grady's necklaces and although they are very strong statement pieces, I find them very wearable, not to mention beautifully made. This season I'll be saving up for another bombshell necklace - though I'm having trouble choosing which! The collection is available now at her own website as well as My-Wardrobe.
1) Fill a bobbin with singles.
This is how we used to make cards years ago.........no Nesties, die cuts, only punches and a little Designer Paper (HOTP).
"You've Got a Friend in Me" (Toy Story) (Music and lyrics by Randy Newman)
Many years back I had a job that required me to be Manager on duty for a large hotel once a month. I had to wear a business suit and the suit I had made me look like Elvis Presley during his later years..
Crime Busters is a skills-oriented chemistry event in Science Olympiad. Students are given a scenario and evidence collected at the scene of the (non-violent) crime. They analyze the clues in order to solve the crime. You can see a good description of the event at Crime Busters on SciOly, a student wiki for Science Olympiad for exchanging tips and resources. Note that gypsum is plaster of Paris and calcium carbonate is chalk.
A few things to remember about Preston (15 months):
ENTIRE AISLE of ICE CREAM, they did NOT HAVE
Sentencing Taylor, of Victoria Avenue, Kidsgrove, Judge Robert Trevor-Jones said: "We are of the view that the claimant has told the truth to the court and has been the victim of repeated assaults at the hands of the appellant."
MH: I was wondering if we were going to get a look at the earlier day of the infestation. The format reminds me a lot of serialized stories with every section seemingly being able to stand on its own while still creating an overarching story as well. Kim Monroe is a really intriguing character. He is very independent yet respectful in an Old West kind of way. Was this always his story or were you tempted to focus more on the bugs or Ruth?
Roomie and I have been chatting about this over the New Year holiday weekend....through the massive advertising campaign that eHarmoney and Match.com put on we've discovered that you can 'communicate with your matches for free' over the New Year weekend....through Sunday night.....we've both contemplated these options and have been having lively, laugh outloud discussions about how one goes about meeting new possible romantic partners. We believe, gone is the day when you get all gussied up and head out to a bar and rustle up, or rather hustle up and new romantic conquest....besides, we're too old for that....seriously, I'm pretty sure I'd break something if I had to go out and shake my groove thang in order to get some guy's attention...especially since I'd be competing against 20 something PYTs.....
Letting go and jumping in are huge elements in the book, in more ways than one.
"I think we did that already."
It's wet out there...
One garlic clove, minced
After booting the Archos up after three years I found a load crap that must've been from my old (and now defunct) desktop computer. One of which was this track below. Mostly bollocks, but there's a line or two in there that mildly tickles me.
Once you've stopped tracing the curl of the light ribbon in this installation with your eyes, you look up to see the rest. Nestled just over the back to the right is the Harbour Bridge. If you turn around just a little more to the right you would see a strip leading off toward the Opera House, with more interactive fun installations all along the way to it.
Let me say right off, I really enjoyed the recent Jonah Hex series. Some issues knocked it out of the park but there were a few stumbles as well. Overall, the run was good and a worthy addition to the character. At one point there was talk of a story where Jonah ran into a family that would eventually birth Harvey Dent. At the time I was somewhat livid about the whole idea since I felt that Jonah was 'outside' the DCU.
Hero of Sparta
another chance wreck it all again
None of this has made a blind piece of difference. Indeed the combined attempt to insult and belittle us has driven even more towards us.
-pattern papers
I call it ‘the eaten by wolves factor.’
City Councilwoman Elizabeth Crowley (D-Middle Village) and Rep. Anthony Weiner (D-Queens/Brooklyn) spoke out about the issue Monday - two months after a tornado swept through the neighborhood and knocked down trees and power lines.
Bernie must have finally judged that it was not without merit for one night he nodded at me and we began to talk. Once you had passed his litmus test he took you totally into his confidence. In that one conversation I learned his political views, ideas on art, and his rock-ribbed abhorrence of any compromise, pomp or shallowness.
Korres Guava Shower gel 50ml
Read a book about which you’ve heard bad things. (Hey, you can’t knock it ‘til you’ve tried it, right? And I’m upping the points to make it worth your while.)
Which color combo do you like best??
“Your birthday was yesterday, wasn’t it?”
to have a guy who embrace with so much grace,
A few folk have waved away this concern. "It doesn't matter where you're published, as long as you're published," some say. "If you're good enough, you'll shine through. Persistence will pay off. Eventually, the larger publishers who pay more will recognize you and be forced to buy your manuscripts and market you."
A lot of people do have trouble swallowing a pill or capsule. Do you find that no matter how hard you try, glass of water in hand, that the pill often still ends up in your mouth, and it just won't go down?
Either way tonight could be a crucial night at the top and bottom of the division.
As I said already, it seems as if you are always smiling and you have the sweetest giggle! Your ticklish spot is around your rib cage on the right side. Gets you everytime!!! You started "waving" at yourself last month and I think it is hilarious! You also pat me on the back whenever I am holding you on my shoulder, just as I do to you. You are still in Mommy & Daddy's room, but soon that is going to change. Daddy said it's time for you to get some use out of your crib, but I am sad to see you go. I know we will all rest better, I just hope you keep up your good sleeping habits! I love that you sleep late in the morning - just like your Mommy :)
As a valued member of our community, we hope you will continue to provide great reviews, while keeping in mind our Review Guidelines. See you on Yelp!
Tues. I went it, armed with my mom and one side and Tom on the other side and we got the news that the whole left thyroid was ALL cancer. Anyone interested, the size was 6.1 x 4.4 x 4.4 cm weighing 61 gm. The pathology report said that it is Papillary Thyroid Carcinoma, Follicular Variant.
12. I Ain't Got Nobody
I think that I'm lucky that I have my health---I'm lucky that everyone who chooses to read by blog, takes the time to see what I think----I'm lucky that I have "met" some wonderful people on the Web.
The employee who interviewed Melton recommended her for hiring. But a supervisor wrote in an email that she accidentally sent to Melton that she shouldn’t be hired because she is black and overweight. The supervisor added that the email should be deleted.
They're blaming it on longer hair
Grade: B+
Or... you're going to fill out that application for...
But the big problem remains: I'm not sure what you're satirizing.
Northern Harrier 1
1. Explaining the ‘Tough Mudder’ concept to outsiders with an internal perspective. This could eventually lead to increasing interest and participation conversion.
Don't they just want to make you pick them up and read them all in one sitting?
And of course please follow me into the New Year! (Which By the way- I CANNOT BELIEVE IS SO CLOSE!!)
Log Jamming:
or one ANYTHING
Congratulations to ALL! Tea Time Terrific Top Three and Winner, please grab your badges from our sidebar that you can proudly display on your blogs! Winner, please contact me via e-mail to claim your prize!
It is still and always will be in the hands of those who are willing to go that extra mile to get out of the home of Mom and Dad and to prove their own mastery over their own level of ambition and willingness to go where the jobs are that will give back to us the value that the degree really gives to all of us who make the sacrifices to get it.
As I said, when I received the welcome letter, my name was spelt “Pawan Lateshri Chawla”. I called customer service at 121 –which actually tells you you will be charged for calling customer service for help! Anyways, I informed them about the spelling gaffe. Someone said we will inform the concerned people.
Reinhard Traub (lighting)
Talk to me - anyone else out there feeling the same!?
He couldn't find. He looked everywhere. I was starting to get mad and was getting ready to yell at him for hiding something again. When Nathan woke up and heard what was going on. He told Nick "Go look in Mommy and Dad's room." Nick knows that "big" kids aren't allowed in our room, so he was afraid to look in there. Plus, I don't think he really believed Nathan. Nicholas went downstairs looking in the family room and while he was down there, Nathan ran into our room and came running back out with Nick's book. I asked Nathan where he found the book and he said it was under our bed where he (Nathan) hid it.
We’re not kidding, this is NOT a joking matter. You can’t afford to not stop whatever you’re doing this Wednesday and BULLET-PROOF YOUR BLOG!
I was so glad that I found this short story as an e-book; it is a quick easy read. But also has the parallel’s to everyday life, as much of Martin’s work does. I think that what makes him a brilliant and intriguing writer is his ability to fashion imaginative stories from the everyday. His stories are enthralling, mystical and enchanting to read.
The Riftwar Saga was my first foray into fantasy and while I’ve read many others, the characters stay with me still, and I still get teary-eyed when a favourite character dies even though I’ve read the books enough times to quote not just lines but whole paragraphs.
April walks into the room where Reed was shot and, not paying attention, trips over her body and lands in a giant pool of her blood. April freaks out of course (April and Reed are BFFs) and runs to Derek's office and tells him that Reed has been shot. Derek puts the hospital in lockdown mode and pages all the doctors to not move and to seal their wing of the hospital while he goes and looks for the shooter.
I’ll keep my eyes open and track their movements.
I have just sat on my back door step feeding my visiting ducks - bliss. They are partial to well soaked (dripping wet) bread and seeds. I give them only tiny amounts as they must not become dependent on me. In fact it was my soppy husband who started this - he who does not want ducks or chickens, despite my pleas, has now said he doesn't mind?? So now they hear us around and come running, searching the ground around our feet for any scattered largesse!
MM: Apart from the U.S. Hardcore phenomenon (the ’80s version of a Folk revival, in my opinion) and some interesting rumblings from the world Underground, that decade appears today as a musical wasteland. Two questions: What happened to the promise of Punk, and is there anything of merit to come out of the 1980s that still resonates?
Toss and dig in.
Here are a few things I did to make it look like a realistic basket---I cut the pattern using two different card stocks---cocoa and Kraft. By doing this, it enables you to see the weave design a bit more. And, I wanted to see it. I did try weaving a paper basket a few years ago and was so frustrated I tossed it when it was half done---so I am loving the ease of this.
Assalamualaikum waramatullahi wabarakatuh.
By Holly Henry, WTKR Online Producer
Heart within, and God o'erhead!
You can pick these up from here Claw Money.com
- Ballistic nylon skins offer durability and elegance similar to high-end luggage
Out of breath, super hot and exhausted, I manage to make my way back out and sit on the outside corner for a couple. I was clearly under gunned that day but managed to get a couple.
I won't lie. I felt like I was sprinting, and it was a little painful. But I didn't feel like I was going to die, so I just kept pushing myself. One foot in front of the other. We turned a corner and then all of a sudden we turned onto a gravel road. WHAT? I was not expecting gravel. My lungs were burning and I was ticked about the stupid gravel. Really, it isn't that big of a deal, just something I wasn't planning on, you know? Anyway, then I saw the 1 mile marker. Lungs on fire, thighs on fire, two miles to go. The entire second mile, and at a least half of the third were all on gravel. When I finally hit pavement again I was so incredibly happy (not to mention it was a bit of a downhill and the last quarter mile, woot!). Pretty much the entire third mile I was thinking I couldn't make it. That I had gone out too fast and I wouldn't be able to finish at that speed. I more or less argued with myself in my head for five minutes about whether or not to slow down. But when I reached that last quarter mile I decided to go big or go home.
I can’t even begin to write down everything I’ve delved on after endlessly researching astrophysics and Neil’s speeches in general. But I hope this video has the same effect on you.
Although Symantec recorded a drop of 20 percent in new vulnerabilities discovered in 2011, vulnerabilities in mobile systems increased by 93 percent.
Our household already has a useful stash of shopping bags, and are in the routine of using them, but I realized we could do with some reusable produce bags. Although we re-use them a lot of the time, I found that we were always coming home with a few more plastic produce bags every time we bought our fruit and veg. Inspired by some handmade mesh produce bags I saw on flickr, and this tutorial from Wisdom of the Moon, I hit our local second hand shops and found a sheer mesh curtain to re-purpose. One evening with my overlocker (aka serger) later I had a set of 10 mesh bags.
The monastery did not remain in the hands of the Ioannina brothers for long, becoming an axillary of the Varlaam Monastery in 1614 and descending slowly into disrepair, the beautiful frescoes within fading even as the land without remained lush and vibrant.
Plato’s idea was that all classes of things have an essence – a set of defining properties. Members of that category may vary in other respects, but they all share that essential nature. Chairs, for example, can vary in size, shape, colour, comfort, and so on, but they are still all essentially chairs; they all have the essence of chairness; they are variations on an ideal chair.
So, 4 hours later, we had our colorful cookies in hand, and we tried so hard not to eat them until the next day! We served them on our final night to cousin Alexis and her husband Rob, who came to Paris to visit with us and eat lots of pain au chocolate, and our lovely hostess Jeanne. They proclaimed them some of the best ever!!
The gang life is not glorified. There is bloodshed, deaths, drug deals, arrests. But, the gang members are not vilified; this isn't a message book. It's clear that the gang meets a need; for Alex, it's a way to protect his family. For some of his friends, the gang becomes the family they lack.
Taking a walk back to the wonderful Era of the 1930's - 1940's ..when times were simpler ..you made do and the Colors of the Feedsack and Flour Sack fabrics filled your home ...from Old Metal Cannister Sets set ablaze with thier Florals in Red's and Blues .. To Tables set with Red Trimmed enamelware ..and the Laundry line filled with old feedsack Dresses.
If you have a little time this month, why not add this sketch challenge to your 'to do' list for a chance to win some gorgeous Dusty Attic product? Pop over HERE for a little looksee. I would love to see your entries in the gallery!!
After the birth of her first baby in 1998, Thurman took a rest from major roles to concentrate on motherhood. After a five year hiatus, her role in Tarantino’s Kill Bill relaunched her career. Production was delayed for several months after Thurman became pregnant again, as Tarantino refused to recast the part. The film took nine months to shoot, and was filmed in five different countries. The film series earned Thurman Golden Globe nominations for both entries, and three MTV Movie Awards for Best Female Performance and twice for Best Fight
Build templates to enforce a specific structure as writers create new content. Templates determine the model of the content and provide the writers with a blank structure to “fill in”. Key phrases, such as “In this section, you will learn:” to begin every concept module, can be preset in the template for 100% consistency. Using templates, the writers will begin to build new habits of working within consistent patterns.
A move by a London council to strip people suffering mental illness of their right to free public transport will leave the most vulnerable “isolated and suicidal”, campaigners warned today.
3. Sacrifice a bull on a full moon. What a happy coincidence! I do this anyway. Well, I say that “I” do it, but that’s not entirely true. I get my cult to help me, too.
This particular work is one of those collaborative projects.
At Mosholu Golf Course, par 32
John Carter has received fairly mixed reviews (currently 51% at Rotten Tomatoes) and this is not without reason. The characters feel stamped out of an archetype cookie-cutter, the dialog borders on the contrived, its predictable, and ultimately, its become a well-trodden genre. Between 1917 and 2012, Edgar Rice Burroughs’ ideas have inspired hundreds of books and movies, and by now we’ve “seen it all before.” – So once again, it comes down to you. Will you appreciate this seminal work and all it went on to influence and inspire? Or will you be the next ignorant fanboy who says “this ripped off Phantom Menace!” (don’t worry, John Carter has no Jar-Jar Binks.)
Upgrade them!
It’s an all too common story; you go to an exhibition about market leading expertise in your specific field expecting to see impressive, eyecatching, lead-generating stands everywhere, but instead you are greeted by shell scheme and bannerstands galore. At Project::4 we like to think a little differently. The palaver of printing the banner stands, getting them shipped and then getting salespeople (no offence sales teams!) to put them up can all be avoided at little if any extra cost.
Ecarlate
Apparently, at the end of the evening, they actually did have a horse-drawn carriage for Marshall to make his exit. This was, presumably, incredibly funny.
And after fifteen(ish) years of reading and re-reading a book over and over again, of practically knowing it by heart, of knowing what happens and what comes next, I still find myself staying up all night, turning the pages as quickly as my eyes and fingers will let me. And how many books can you say take your breath away and quicken your heartbeat, and capture your imagination every time, just as much as the first time?
3) add egg and cream till smooth
Despite our eagerness to remain hidden from you, we have recently caught up on one of your more bizarre film sub-genres and find ourselves unusually eager to set the record straight. Although these cheesy horror films about female monsters have spawned new and riotous drinking games, we would like to hope that our news might spur new advances in thinking among your kind.
There is a popular theory that none of us actually exist at all and that we are in fact just a conscious stream of thought made up by some cosmic being, and in fact we could all be actively living out some alternative version of hell right here in this very little world. It kind of makes sense considering everything that goes on outside of our windows every day. I have often thought, when confronted by the brain dead mouth breathers that often stand before me with barely enough brain power to motor their own life support systems (i.e. breathing), that I must have done something incredibly evil in a past lifetime to warrant being surrounded by the folk that I am lucky enough to call “my fellow humans.” It’s obvious to me now, people aren’t really people, they are in fact demons in human form, I am in hell, and this is my eternal torment.
In the United States, urine therapy advocates cite the works of John W. Armstrong, The Water of Life: A Treatise on Urine Therapy, Martha M. Christy, Your Own Perfect Medicine, and Coen Van Der Kroon, The Golden Fountain.
a split second later, it dawns on me that that same thought must have occurred to him as well. i’m not her.
1 cup parmesan cheese
“Police say they cannot do anything..cannot call her…say if call her =helping to chat back debt which is illegal…simi lan sia lol” (read more here)
My thinking is being challenged by reading Nietzsche too, as we’re studying him in Philosophy. He’s an odd man. When I started studying Philosophy, I didn’t think that Nietzsche would be so accessible. Compared to some of the brick I’ve leafed through, Nietzsche reads surprisingly easily.
She pointed down the hall towards the northeast corner office.
I'm happy, I'm content.. I still question .. but who doesn't.
white, worn and tattered
Economists in Brazil are starting to lower their expectations for a turnaround in 2013. If 2011 was bad, and 2012 is supposed to be flat, why are 2013 growth forecasts being revised downward?
Her hands got her in more trouble with her recent skin problems. The shingles-like outbreaks that turned out to be a rare kind of autoimmune skin disease were a constant source of irritation to her, so she scratched. The last couple of times I’ve visited her, her hands have been encased in protective mittens designed to keep her from causing further damage to herself. It’s hard to hold her hands with them on, but unlike her, I’m very touchy-feely, and I found a way. Since her recognition of me is fading, it’s about the only way I have left of connecting with her. The last day of my last visit, she didn’t have the mittens on, and I was able to hold her hands skin to skin. The arthritis prevented me from laying them out flat like she did mine in church that day, but it didn’t prevent me from remembering, and it didn’t stop me from thanking God for her busy hands.
Even though many individuals don’t all the time think about intimate relations with another person makes a relationships, others will and it might actually really enhance any relationship with two people who discover themselves severe about one another. There will be a bond between you, an emotional one which may help the relationship to develop stronger; and can allow two folks to talk every so often more so than what they would do with a friend.
Before she headed to the airport we relived some of the great memories we shared. Like it was a cold day back in FEB 2010 that we first met. She was our car buddy for our big trip to Nashville, TN but during that trip she became more than a car buddy she was our stuffy buddy furever! We sure have had fun in these two years...
Then Saturday morning, we planned to have breakfast at the resort (they had a great breakfast buffet) and then go bowling at the on site bowling alley. What we didn't know is that the bowling alley didn't open until 2:00! So, we didn't get to do that. (And we still haven't heard the end of it) Instead, we headed up to the outlets to kill some time before they called about the waverunner. Our first stop was the Coach outlet ;). I got to pick out a couple of things as early Mother's Day gifts! Then the sun came out and it turned out to be a pretty nice day. Around lunch time we asked the kids what they were in the mood for and Brody said chicken noodle soup...he wouldn't give up on it, so we headed to a nearby Panera. He ate like 2 bites. He's not going to be taken seriously with his food requests anymore. Heath and I really wanted Mexican. Oh well.
I was surprised to find that the potatoes were sending out roots and establishing themselves fine, just slow. Confident that this was because they needed to be in mulch, I quickly replaced the dirt with the two bags of mulch that I had purchased. The result was a funny looking “polka dotted” potato row. My son and I went home feeling that we had done our job, and that the “tapoes” had indeed been saved.
- A national Catalog of Foreigners tracks foreign tourists and immigrants (Article 87), and assigns each individual with a unique tracking number (Article 91).
Noah is one of the best grandchildren anyone could ever hope for. He's loving, kind, and thoughtful. He's a good student, a good brother, and a good sport. We're very proud of you Noah and we hope your birthday was stellar! (We've already heard that your Lego party was.)
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) declared on June 19 that there wasn’t enough time to approve any of the plans to raise the government’s debt ceiling by the Aug. 2 deadline. He proposed a short-term hike to buy more time.
5-1/2" x 5-1/2" is the next piece of paper
And yes, I'm still working on my online classes - Soul Restoration with Brave Girls Club and Melody Ross, and The She Art Workshop with Christy Tomlinson. Loving them...but having a really hard time fitting them into my schedule at the moment!! I'd show you a pic of my first She-Art canvas, but it's a birthday gift for my sister (a very belated one...because I STILL haven't put it in the mail!!). *sigh* I'm terrible about that!
"When most of the United Kingdom weren’t using hops because of growing climates, Scotland imported hops extensively for their brews."
CalvinKlein sunglasses are both functional and practical, giving you real value for your hard-earned money... that is and deadly in a positive way. Though known for their true standards of cotton rich fabrics. They are also simple enough that they carry more than one age group, which is a refreshing scent that is always ready to face the calvin klein catalog a wide variety of colors, which cater to the boot calvin klein. Calvin Klein sunglasses, T-shirt and jeans. The Calvin Klein body because it is a globally recognized fashion, design and fashion. However, all that focus has changed now thanks to a visually stunning physique. Is it from good genetics? Do they have any name brands because they are known for being out-of-this-world. Calvin Klein dress they know and trust, such as cost, material, color options, mode of payment, delivery time, shipping charges, etc. To buy a brand that everyone knows and trusts. When a woman buys a Calvin Klein produces sportswear, men's undergarments, and a spirit of fun at the classic t shirt bra.
released this week. That’s a $7 million increase on 2010, a $213 million year for Albany lobbying. Nearly 6,100 lobbyists filed reports and registered with JCOPE by the end of 2011, representing 3,535 clients.
Now that I am an experienced blogger having written one whole blog, I was wondering what the next post would be. My answer came on a recent 45 minute flight when a lady sat down next to me.
I just found out
But the accolades don't stop there. This is a place that's all about beer, and it has the best selection in the city--period. The website is updated regularly, so check back to see what's pouring. As an example, here are some of the beers pouring today--many rare enough that you'll find them at only a handful of places, if at all:
Spidey webs MJ and pulls her out from under a toppling brontosaurus, then gives her a firm tongue-lashing for putting herself in danger. It's Spidey's hope that the gruff treatment would throw her off any trail that Spidey might be Peter Parker, and it does. Dr. Connors arrives to talk some sense into Stegron, Steggy calls a pterodactyl and makes a break for it, and Spider-Man follows. Over the ocean, Spidey slugs Stegron, who falls off his mount and into the drink. The Dinosaur Man sinks to the bottom, not to be seen again until a Lizard two-parter in the pages of The Amazing Spider-Man a few years later.
And there I spied a pretty maid
“BRING A CLEAN UH GI NEXT TIME. OOOHHHSS?”
It's time for another fun challenge here at Send a Smile 4 Kids and this time we are challenging you to create a card for a child using fall colors- whatever you interpret fall colors to be is fine as long as it is a card appropriate for a child. It can be a Halloween card if you wish, but please nothing scary and avoid images such as tombstones. Even if you do not send your card to SAS4Kids (and we sure hope you do:), the cards entered in our challenge have to be appropriate for our kids.
Why does the numbing agent they use last so incredibly long? My mouth remained numb for at least three hours after I was home. Causing me to mumble incoherently, and drool a little. Oh well, it provided my children with lots of giggles at mommy's expense.
And some of us have just been turned away at the door.
This morning I am hearing that the various Ministries here, as well as the Office of the Prime Minister spent money on this trip to the tune of $868,268.11 for the Prime Minister’s Sister; $2.9 million for people from the Ministry of Energy; $1.2 million for the Ministry of Tertiary Education; Public Utilities cost us $200,860 and Bmobile officials $304,961.
In military terms, partisan rangers are irregular military forces organized to oppose control of an area by a foreign power or by an army of occupation through the use of unconventional insurgent military actions. Typically, rangers are well-trained irregular soldiers who operate deep behind enemy lines harassing enemy formations, disrupting enemy lines of supply and communication, and engaging the enemy at its weakest point to create havoc and general disruption of military operations.
During the next few days I shall either put a bullet through my head or commit something more shattering to myself than death. At any rate I shall be quite a different person. I refuse to be cheated out of my deathbed scene.
They then beat Marquette 30-11 in the first match of the North Bracket. To finish off the tournament they barely lost to Texas A&M 24-23.
"I would like to appeal to the government to give our people jobs and job opportunities in the same concept of black economic empowerment," Kok said.
There is always a huge amount of cake for sale and every year I like to make something I haven’t done before. This time I chose a cake called “apple cake in a nutshell” from “Good Food 101 Cakes and Bakes”, an excellent little book full of lovely recipes. Every one I have tried so far works.
Hundred Acres Manor
Would you like to become a Funky Junk sponsor? We'd love to have you! Please email me direct at signmakergirl@hotmail.com for all the affordable details. :)
Woah...I'm 30. And a whirlwind trip that weekend was.
of a sister
A well-paved road stretches along the whole coastline and a public bus traverses the route several times a day. We used to drive around but the more adventurous can also rent a mountain bike from the hotel and cycle to any desired destination in the island. I once joined a 7-kilometer fun run joined by school kids and, although I shamelessly walked half of the distance just taking pictures, I felt proud having walked almost halfway around a country.
Another section of Chidziva’s family-Chiziva, Guzha, Mhembere, Gotora, Chirimuta, Masango, went to live in the Mrewa district.
Side note: thanks god!
Special-education kids who would have been segregated in the past will be shifted into classrooms with general-education students under an ambitious program being launched in city public schools this fall.
Did you expect a more dramatic season ender? Will Kalinda really kill her never-seen hubbie? Will Alicia make up with Peter to have the family back together again? And what about Will, whom she tells she has no regrets about their affair? Give us your TwoCents…
The woman, who had attempted suicide in the past, was subsequently hospitalized.
probably that weird stuff on Big Love
Standing with my hands on my hips in disbelief I looked over at Dooley who was sitting a safe distance away.
How simple it can be . . .
“Yes and yes!”
Now the big inquiring is it’s someone to contract an professional part within your unbendable for your improvement services to fruit the websites friendlier on the search engine or you poverty to consume your own firmly for seo. Any SEO services provider house present be hired for any optimization factors equivalent the websites. These firms often attribute the clients predestinate bucks in an effort to portion best privileged the perspective business. A meet or flocks of folks, who with apiece otherwise and apportion their noesis to someone, hone services.
UPDATE (2): 22nd March 2012. The judgment is now available, see top of this blogpost for link. Treasury Holdings has issued the following statement “We are pleased that the High Court has found that we have raised “substantial” legal issues concerning our treatment by NAMA and has granted our application for leave to seek a Judicial Review.
3 cups mashed potatoes
While I'm sitting here, on a loaner computer which does not have my precious feeds saved, I'm pondering what connecting means since Facebook and Twitter have conquered the web? Can people still connect, sharing their hopes, fears, and dreams, on such impersonal sites?
Nothing in this world truly lasts, but in these moments we can hope.
Today's giveaway is perfect for Valentine's Day! Eberjey is a lingerie line that makes beautiful pieces that flatter real bodies. (I wore their chemises on our honeymoon.) They're offering one lucky reader a $100 gift certificate, so you could choose a gorgeous set or robe or chemise to wear to bed every night...Everything is so soft and sexy!
I honestly fear that I suffer from it. All of the symptoms and signs are problems that I endure. My dad has an undiagnosed, severe case of bipolar. All of my relatives on my dad’s side have a history of mental illness. So it is perfectly plausible that I’m not clinically normal.
Eventually, everyone finished their eating, leaving room for words in their mouths.
4 factorization
GINGRICH: I think, look it’s a great question. You start with the question, do you really believe NASA in it’s current form is the most effective way of leveraging investment in space? We now have a bureaucracy sitting there, which has managed to mismanage the program so well that in fact we have no lift vehicle. So you almost have to wonder, what does the Washington office of NASA do? Does it sit around and think space?
In other news, the hard drive still hasn't gone to the data place..partially because I'm too scared they won't be able to salvage anything. Partially because all our money heads towards Ethiopia these days (in theory) and so spending $1,000 to recover data that should have been backed up pains me to no end.
The Malibu Inn
3. Anger comes from fear!! What does Oprah call it? An "AHA" moment. Well, I had one today when I read Ann's advice post about this topic. I'd post a link to the blog, but I don't know how. Just trust me. Lol.
This can be seen where Marx reiterates why and how money is logically necessary which he says several places such as:
We got to the Metroplex and watch with no amusement as all the time that had clicked off on the drive up began to click back on, pushing our 1:15 pm arrival time back to 1:45. When we got to Uncle Buck's Brewery and Steakhouse, we met Satan's friend, who complained about our arrival time: "I coulda slept another hour!"
Also, I’m SO GLAD Ironside sent his two goons back to kill McLeod thus bringing him back to his younger and more powerful state! This guy is a GENIUS!
A big thank you to Mallori for sharing all of her fun photos and memories from her trip. Up next, a yummy recipe from Courtney at The Granola Chronicles you won't want to miss!
Our weekend included a night in the village of Saratoga and entertainment by Emmy Lou Harris at the Mountain Winery. In past years, we’ve seen her on this same weekend at Hardly Strictly Bluegrass, with many, many more people in attendance. I hate to think we’re getting too old for the mass crowds in Golden Gate Park for this festival, but if you tell me that we’re just wiser, I won't argue.
You may be wondering where the white is in this card since it apprears very vanilla. Well, I stamped my flower on stamper's select white. It's a little hard to tell since I added a rhinstone, but it's there, promise. Thanks for looking!
I've been through successful and failed relationships on this blog. I've had a baby. I've accomplished many of the things I wanted to do professionally like being an English professor. And I even went one step further to be a Program Chair--something I love but I never foresaw being an administrator.
The lawsuit claims Baumblit operates his three-quarter houses as unlicensed rehabilitative and transitional housing programs that treat tenants as clients, violating their tenants’ rights.
Nov 1 – House of Blues – Anaheim, CA (W/Cobra Starship)
I have found a place - such a relief I can't even tell you.
Since I didn't get a chance to play along last week, I wanted to make sure I did this week. I love the Sweet Sunday Sketches from Karen Giron. She really has such a Clean and Simples style with her sketches and more so with her own creations. So here is the sketch SSSC107 ...
“So its correct to then turn your mind to whether the military will respect a new administration, if it is going to pursue some policies that they don’t like.”
At the end of the final, she still had to perform her piece completely, so our professor took her outside,spoke with her for a few minutes, and when they returned, our professor announced she would dance the final piece with my friend. It was an incredibly sweet gesture, and reaffirmed every reason why I loved this particular professor. I will never forget the things she has taught me.
2 chipotle chilis (canned in Adobe sauce) chopped
● Contact: 480-321-9745 or 480-686-2125 visionn2action@yahoo.com
Conservative leader David (call me Dave) Cameron has recently announced that the Tories will introduce a cap on immigration, which would reduce the number allowed in each year to “Tens of thousands”. Tens of thousands of immigrants would of course be an improvement on the current situation, (if Cameron really meant it – which he doesn't) but only in so far that, instead of allowing in numbers equivalent to the population of Newcastle each year (I say Newcastle based on “official figures” - the population of Bristol is closer to reality) we would still be “welcoming” a new Carlisle, Wigan or Grimsby year after year after year, not to forget the anchor babies they would immediately start breeding after they arrive.
It started, as so many things do, with a conversation on Twitter. A chat about the difference between teen books and Young Adult, which morphed into a wider debate about American and British books, and spawned a hashtag #UKYA.
Also, we made a felt ball.
The New Laurel's Kitchen by Laurel Robertson
Next are the anarchists from #OWS Base Camp who managed to highjack the Merchant's Press Conference.
I was struck by her accent, but that’s not all. She got ahold of my brother first and hugged him like she was wrestling a bear. And then, Oh Dear God, she pinched his cheeks.
Just a quick post today; I’m on the road in Cambodia, visiting friends in Siem Reap and Phnom Penh. The plan was also to go to Battambang for a day or two, but the Try brothers changed their minds and decided to stay longer in Siem Reap (where they used to live, and where I first met them 10 years ago) to visit friends of their own. No problem for me; it saves having to book more transportation and hotel rooms. Plus, it’s nice to actually relax and do not much of anything for a day or two.
As tends to happen at parties the house grew warm so Mr. Nacho-for-a-night stepped outside to cool down. I live on a somewhat busy street so 3,4, maybe 5 cars spotted Nacho and honked. My neighbor across the street came outside, yelled at Nacho and another guy dressed as a beer keg and then went back in his own house.
"Forevermore," (who else would dare call a song that?) starts with manic riffs, both heavy and melodic....
1. I ran my River Rock ink pad over the inside cover of my Patchwork embossing folder, inserted my white card stock panel and embossed it. This colors the background of the embossed panel and not the pushed up parts (clean the ink off your folder as soon as you emboss the paper).
The more conscious editing stage is, as you imply, more like work. I'd say the level of struggle – ie, how well-formed the story is after the first draft – depends very much on the story, or more accurately on your prior relationship with the material of the story, the amount of time you have already mulled it over and consciously given it a meaning. Most of the stories in Balancing didn't give me much of a struggle, and had only two drafts. I hasten to say it's not always like that, and I should also say that the process isn't quite as simple as I've made it sound. Even when I'm writing a first draft and going with the 'dreaming', that editing faculty is still coming into play to some extent: really, it's as if there are two of me, and the 'dreaming' one is leading the way, but the 'editing' one is there hovering at her shoulder and reining her in to some extent as she goes along (and then pushes her out of the way and takes over for the proper editing phase). (You see, I don't need Roman wine to make me sound bonkers!)
The doughboys noticed that Salvationists catered to their needs rather than hobnobbing with officers. As instructed by Evangeline, none went near an officers’ mess. They trudged through the sticky mud to the chow line to get in line with their “boys.”
Where’s all the joy
Luckily there were only minor casualities
The Thunderstorm scene where they slept together for the night is just sooo sweet! Because of that scene, I would want the weather to always have thunder storm, particularly at night!!!! Just to have that chance to sleep beside Jin Ho, him embracing me and feel his protection is way better than anything!! I love Gaein’s forecast here:
We had a wonderful Christmas. Annabelle was so much fun this year. She got so excited when she got her presents and she would say "Oh Thank you!" I love the Christmas season and I loved all the parties and hanging out with the family. I would say we definitely had a good, crazy fun year.
Actually, since Easter has already passed, I should say "There went Peter Cottontail..." In my defense, it is baseball season. I usually play on my computer while I watch the games, but the BoSox roster has undergone a lot of changes, so I need to watch carefully to study the new players to see if they gain my approval, ha ha.
All photos by Stephen Rossi Photography, Norwalk, CT
The announcement makes him uneasy,as if he was running short of time,which most probably was true by the look on the girl’s face and her frequent glances at her watch.He casually releases the overhead strap he was hanging on to and shifts uncomfortably to his right in the crowd,manoeuvring his way through the array of inconvenience topped by a fat boy lost in his hardcover,salvaging the humanity around him with his almost condescending,bored demeanour and reeking underarms.Next he steps on the toes of an obnoxiously groomed pest of a man listening to some trash on his cellphone and being altruistic enough to sing in sync with the beats loud and clear enough to let everyone around be familiar with the lyrics,in case they were even vaguely curious or feeling left out.In a seemingly disoriented attempt at holding on to the pole next to him,he brushes his hand through her hair.A shiver of forbidden electricity runs wild through his being and he stops dead in his endeavour,keeping his hand where it fell first,softly caressing her.Apparently the girl didn’t notice at all and is still smiling at something only she is privy to.He stands frozen next to her,rooted in and bound to her intoxicating presence.A distant thought and visage crosses his mind which grabs my attention,but he shakes the hesitation off himself soon enough and i slip back into my inertia,disappointed but eager for a resurgence.
Now, I'm a person that can normally sleep just about anywhere, but for some reason I CANNOT get any shut-eye on a plane. But I've got to try because I'm facing a long day of traveling after I land. With the seat tray down, I try resting my elbows on it while placing my head lightly on the seat in front of me. At this point I begin to feel a pulse of some kind, and I think, "I can feel my pulse in my hands!" But when I look up I notice that the (shaved) head in front of me is bouncing back and forth to some kind of silent beat. He has a set of head phones on is having his own little dance party through the night - all the way from Las Vegas to OKC. No sleeping that way.
We played for an hour and a half - and just for the record I won by one point (9 to Joyce's 8 and Bob got 1) - and then decided to start our season the way we meant to go on, which meant retiring to my house for a G&T and Twiglets. Definitely a great start.
MAC lipgloss Prrr (in the centre of the lips)
My thought for the day? I am jealous of people who crave and indulge in creativity more often than practicality. I am tired of loading the dishwasher, I wanna make more art.
Though I hope to share lots of my ideas in the coming weeks, I have chosen to start with one of my favorites.
Kachina Lodge,
The lawsuit describes the alleged chronology of events: Willis explained the administrators’ suspicions by saying "you people don’t score that high." Although no other evidence of cheating was produced, the administrators demanded the women return their test scores and re-take the two-hour test. Jackson-Burch refused and got in her car but Johnson used her body to block the car from leaving. The administrators called 911.
America is not a Democracy, it has never been a Democracy and I pray that it will never be a Democracy. The United States is, and always has been, a Congressional Republic. Our education system does not adequately prepare our students to even know we are a Republic, much less explain the difference. They only teach that we have a Democratic form of government which is true.
I was a little unsure of what to expect when the flooring was complete but I was actually pleasantly surprised how well they turned out. Fortunately, all of our hard work paid off this time! I might have sat down and cried if not...just saying.
(TRUTH: I’ll remember St.Valentine’s feast day because there’s nothing else that would make me happy or make me want to celebrate that day. Not anymore.)
The CYDA Team
With school being out and having all 6 kids at home, combine that with the 3 dogs and 34 chickens and I think it’s safe to say that where I work is more zoo-like than office. But I ask you, what better way is there to celebrate the humane-canine-fowl-child bond than by bringing all these critters to my office?
Not sure if all brands have this, but Avery has templates available for free online and I was able to easily design my labels the way I wanted. I had mine print out with a table that included the following categories: Name, School, Year, Teacher
I was two weeks into my last year of high school. I had the coolest, hippiest friends in the world, and I finally, FINALLY had a boyfriend.
Sadly, as very few people are given the necessary tests in the UK to clarify whether they are suffering with neurological ME, the vast majority are given the label ‘CFS’ along with a nod from NICE to withhold further testing and treatment. After being 'labelled' incorrectly, patients are then offered inadequate treatment protocols such as a) antidepressants (only a small proportion of sufferers become depressed and this is usually in response to continued suffering from loss of health, loss of career with subsequent loss of income, loss of education, loss of home, loss of support, and continued ignorance from government officials, doctors, media and the public in general), b) pain killers and C) talk and graded exercise therapy (which can cause serious health repercussions to those patients with compromised hearts and circulatory systems (approximately 1/3 of sufferers)). Many patients are seriously ill and yet they are denied necessary testing and treatment. Consider what happens to a cancer or AIDS sufferer if left untreated? Would you suppose it ethical to deny them treatment? ME sufferers DO die from the condition, at least they die from complications arising from the condition (as is the case with AIDS). A diagnosis of CFS will always be a misdiagnosis and a diagnosis that results in the cessation of necessary testing and withholding of vital treatment. This is deeply unethical.
I came to 24 a little later than most. I remember seeing ads for the premiere of season 1 several times and was surprised to see Kiefer Sutherland was going to be doing a TV show. At the time he was mostly known as a movie actor. For some reason I kept forgetting about the show (silly me!) until finally I watched the season premiere of season 4 after an NFL playoff game.
Boy, do I have a story to tell you beautiful readers. This story will make you fear for my safety in the town that I live in, and also for the safety of Handbasket, at whom all of this behavior was directed.
But with the world focused on the death of Osama bin Laden, I feel it necessary to say a few words despite the fact that it has nothing to do with writing.
Lesson #3 Empowerment comes in different forms! I hear the word empower all too often and I have come to the conclusion that empowerment is really a complex lesson because it can appear in so many different forms. It can show up as correction, awareness, knowledge, etc.
My Suzuki, 1994 Intruder 800 cc, has come home from the shop where the mechanic rebuilt the carburetor for which I paid a good deal of money. Unfortunately, the choke is wonky and in order to start the bike, I have to pull in the clutch, wrap my long streamers around it to hold it in tightly, then pull out the choke and use the other hand to hit the throttle and ignition start button. So a three handed job to start it or a two handed job with streamers to start it. Once it is warmed up and ready to go, it pokes and backfires and chugs down the street. I am a bit worried about going to far with it in case she breaks down entirely. So I am trying to run out the tank of gas on 10 and 20 mile trips at a time. Not very satisfying. However, I have learned that I am still very good at driving in a straight line! No worries there. Turning corners has become a bit of a challenge again. I can’t do any tight corners. Luckily the parking garage has nice wide corners and as I chug up to our third floor parking spot, my pipes usually set off about 3 or 4 car alarms. I love those loud pipes.
The Inconceivable Behavior of Lord Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu
Cables leak, are you listening?
r outrageously, only, etc) became rich and famous .
We made a quick run to visit my hard at work wife. I am sure she enjoyed all of our visits but to be truthful, I was there for another beer as much as to see her. Anheuser-Busch (I guess it is InBev now) got a bunch of my money that day.
The like-minded insanity?
Large Serving Bowl
I want to emphasize that a big part of a large conference such as SAND is simply hanging out with everyone. I recently interviewed Chuck Hillig, who has been to the previous two and I asked what he likes most about them and he said it’s meeting all the people and talking and seeing what’s going on. Of course he’s also been one of the most lucid presenters.
We just love the contrast between the femininity of the silk blouse and the masculinity of the leather vest! Only a girl like Lee would think about this unexpected combo, which looks so perfect for a rock concert!
NetIi Pot – If you have not tried one of these, it may seem weird at first, but once you get used to it, it will become normal. My two oldest will go use the neti pot on their own. We just put a pinch of natural salt in warm water, The irrigation of your nasal cavities really helps to get everything cleared out.
“But most published work is about the health effects on users,” she said. “There is very little there about secondhand exposure.”
Mash your pumpkin with a potato masher or have fun doing it with your clean hands and place in a plastic bag until ready to use..keeps in the fridge for a few days or you can freeze it for later use.
For the weather-measuring folk here is a module with temperatures and humidity. Using the popular DHT22 sensor module the temperature range is -4°C to +125°C with an accuracy of +/- 0.5°C, and humidity with an accuracy of between two and five percent. Only one digital input pin is required, and the board is clearly labelled:
And if you’re still in doubt, don’t freeze up—just pick an approach and start writing. Remember, you can always change it later if you need to.
04) Suburban Home
Somehow – despite the rare skill of expertly hanging out THREE ENTIRE LOADS of washing inside a small apartment, cleaning the coffee machine, walking the dog, eating Sunday’s leftovers, going for a run to nowhere, chatting in broken French to the Fratman, taking the wine bottles to the public recycling bins and trying to ignore the disapproving stare of the old lady with just three tins to contribute; sneaking in an old episode of Antiques Roadshow, chasing up an old medical account with an insurer who only answers phones between 9-12 on weekdays and even then has an answering machine that says, ‘Our lines are busy. Please try again later,’ and fishing out 52 retro French magazines from the papier skip before photographing and putting them up for sale on ebay – I do manage to do all of my freelance writing gigs on time.
First, it snowed yesterday before my first final. Snowed people. People are stupid here when it snows. So there's that. Oh yeah, I also finished my first final! Woo-hoo! Now only if three weren't three others to take...
I was an easy study for my therapist today. I had already done most of the work. We took a few minutes to see if anything on the buffet was even real food - it wasn't. It was all made up stuff about what might happen in the future. So we threw it away.
i made a database website, sorta, for all the tapes i've done so far.. "sorta" because there's nothing much for the moment except for the releases and track list but think it'll blossom into something over time i've even been thinking of abandoning blogspot and just doing it this way so peep it if you're interested in the track list before downloading. view it HERE.
- Chips 220 g $1.99 each (Simply food)
4. Another GOP candidate besides Ron Paul gets the nomination:
We had a great Christmas. My 5 1/2 year old son received a sleigh load of goodies from Santa. For dinner I broke from tradition and made Steak au Poivre ....that was scrumptuous if I do say so myself! But so was dessert and I won't tempt you with those details! ; )
Blowing your nose and spitting profusely ( oh come now, I’m not the only one)
Even if you finish 30th in the Iditarod you win money. The 30th place finisher wins $1500.00
A Parisian hostess just sent out the following directions to a gathering at her apartment. What struck me was that this is so normal for denizens of our fair city. (Names changed to protect the beleaguered. ) This is just to get in the door.
M: Are you trying to make a go of being a musician?
Some potential weaknesses of Spohn’s analysis are the following. In Spohn’s approach, the turbulent convection would have taken place in Io’s interior for over two billion years. In this time, Io’s interior properties would be likely to change due to the heat transferred to the surface and the amount of sulfur and silicate compounds deposited on the surface. It seems doubtful that the interior properties could support this type of convection for such a long time. Secondly, the time scale of the build up of the mantle hot spots, (or magma chambers) from Spohn’s model is only 10,000 years, yet the time frame of the orbital oscillations is on the order of 100 million years. These two phenomena should be related in some realistic way if tidal dissipation is the primary heat source in Io. Spohn also assumed a high temperature value at the beginning of the resonance period in Io’s history (2300 K). This high temperature would stem from radioactive decay in Io’s early history and a proposed period of greater tidal dissipation in the past as Io’s orbit was evolving into resonance. Considering other studies of heat from radioactive decay, from an evolutionary viewpoint, this temperature may be unrealistic. Most other studies of Io’s interior use temperatures of approximately 1500 or 1600 K.
I'm taking a big stack of books with me that I'm going to read at a leisurely pace, something I'm very excited about! Anyway - hope you all have a lovely week and I'll catch up with you all when I get back.
I am thankful for plenty of things: J, life, adorable nieces, my sister's new job at Madewell, new (old) books to read, Calvin & Hobbes, salted caramel hot chocolate, you!, my mama, Neutral Milk Hotel on vinyl coming to my doorstep very soon, and keyboard cat!
Dear Trevor,
they only did that in exchange for lower taxes
I'm still not sure about what got me started on light and bioluminescence. I remember first reading an article about it in 2007 so it's been an interest of mine for ages. I knew I wanted to write about it, and to write about television, and about big ideas and silly ideas and things that seemed too far-fetched and wonderful to be true.
Question 1: Adam Mackowiak from Ely City Community College
And, therefore, I feel it’s my duty to do an intervention. For those of you still deluding yourselves, who still can’t face reality I suggest therapy or better yet maybe pick up a copy of “He’s just Not That Into You.”
AND they are super low in calories.
I have a problem.
I think sometimes we just get overwhelmed with life, and need to clear our minds (and our desks) before we feel like we can make any real progress or move forward with things. That’s where I was today, BUT:
Livesey applied the Page 69 Test to The Flight of Gemma Hardy, her latest novel, and reported the following:On p. 69 of Jane Eyre, Jane, who has become a teacher at Lowood School, advertises for a situation as a governess which of course leads to her going to Thornfield Hall and meeting Mr. Rochester.
Could have persuaded me: now I dare not say
Over the weekend, a publisher finally went head-to-head with Amazon on this issue.
So I now have a $1015 bail bond fee and a $143 towing charge to add to the growing list of horrors I call a budget.
1) There is no substitute for the Four Gospels
At 16 1/2, an age he achieved on Jan. 4 (his birthday is July 4), he cannot see well--but he can still see. He cannot hear well--but he can still hear. He cannot walk well--but he can still walk. And lately it seems that he cannot smell well, either; to get him to eat you have to pick up a piece of food and hold it under his nose, and he will turn his head away three or four times, but you must keep following the nose and eventually, if you are lucky, he will suddenly notice that the thing you are holding has a smell, and the smell is good, and he will eat it, and then you pick up another piece of food and do it again.
The Witches Ball is one of the most popular October events in Western NJ. Next Saturday evening, October 9th, Mount Holly NJ will once again host the popular outdoor show.
Cactus: Crush Cactus Planter- W.Winx – (Free)
Each person has the right to happiness, their own individuality and being the person they innately are, without the fear of someone else turning them into someone they’re not, or casting judgement on who they are as a person.
Put the teacherish things aside, put kids to bed, get a glass of wine and discover order out of chaos among clouds, flocks, mountain ranges, e-picture compression, and whatever else your eyes can find.
A matter that can potentially attract considerable controversy has recently been brought to the notice of the Spicy IP team. The readers would no doubt be familiar with the recent Enercon dispute (reported here, here and here) and the case involving Natco, wherein Indian Patent Office had granted its first compulsory license in a pharmaceutical product (reported here and here). Since these two decisions, the German government, policy makers and industry-owners have been known to have raised quite a hue and cry about the domestic protectionist standards and regressive IP regime in India, as well as lack of adequate enforcement mechanism to IP owned by foreign entities. However, the table seems to have been turned insofar as the German judiciary is concerned, as the following matter is likely to reveal.
But this morning at 7~Oh boy..yeah, that was so fun, lol. I feel so OLD today! The lack of sleep, combined with the errands that had to be ran all day long with all 6 kids in tow..it was a tough, tough day! The kids felt the effects of lack of sleep as much as I did and being out and about wasn't on their to do list. Emotions ran high by all of us and when the evening came and we were finally back at home our couch, our pj's and the quite time was the highlight of the evening :). It was good to be home and to rest these now..*sigh*..old bones. :P
