I can't spell today apparently: How is Chicago still your number one team? Heat beat them and Phili, Bulls lost to Phili.
Summer running in Arizona. Ramping up the miles by 10% each week even in the 100 degree temps.
If that doesn't teach you a lesson i don't know what will
u can't put me da same category as Dee fat ass LOL
Praying, praying, praying for Syd and baby Briar. Hoping for a very strong little girl.
pizza and salad bar
Tomatillos! RT Sitting at the taco spot "in beans we trust" oh you are a beautiful bizarro & I've missed you
i know someone great for you, meet
Bed. I need to clear my head.
You wanna be my new dick pleaser? Follow me.
Can't wait for it to storm tonight!!☔☁⚡
no more wasting time...
we going sssssasahhhhhooooppppppppiiibnnngg :D
Sunday evening reference shift. Working on HLC Self Study tasks. I'm chairing the logistics and communication work group.
Oh my god.
And I'm also feeling the effects of last night
HEADING TO THE STUDIO LATE NITE SESSION
I hate waiting on transit
Adult swim I am very upset.. Could not watch Family guy tonight because it is IN SPANISH!! # NOBUENO!
Omg these animals are annoying
Going to see Avengers on mother's day because my mum is awesome(:
Some guy on Espn just told some other guy on Espn that he "focuses on the ugly pixel in the beautiful picture"
Have you had these thoughts? Read HUMANLY SPEAKING:Conversations With God (ebook) to find out. From www.willowmoonpublishing.com. $5.99
Is Bill Hall playing for anyone today?
I'm sayin tho!! RT : They put anybody on 106 & park now.
Live performances from Kid Rock & Selena Gomez! Hosted by Queen Latifah! Peoples Choice Awards tomorrow night!
I'm itching with anticipation ...or that could just be the poison ivy..
Grow up!!!
you should get ridiculously long sharp ones and then just be real ghetto and try to type and text.
happy 6th birthday to Kage (tomorrow)!
Creating user interface designs; dynamic infrastructure to come later... Have to get the UX above par!
Well...it's been more fun than a barrel of monkeys!
Too tired.
you were in drag? Pics?
follow me? Please;)<3333
Oh! *blushes* Thank you! :-)
Re "Suspiria" (see below): Caitlin Horsmon, professor of film at UMKC, we introduce the film Sept. 19. Light refreshments will be served.
At the end of the day, I'm against linking our system of social benefits to the institution of marriage.
I'm having gammon for tea
Sitting here watching Preachers Wife trying not to cry... I so love this movie and this song... "I Blieve In You and Me"... You saved me
Absolutely drained.
eating you :D?
hey hooker I found your purse
If someone called me "mrs" I could say "you're making a mrs-stake"
u djing all weekend
I'm done tweetin about shyt I'm not lurkin on shyt fuck tweets n this other shyt I'm doing me
againagain!& don't forget what we talked about !;D
ta caliente ;P
so am I;P woman! Anyways we should prolly stop fighting:p unless you refuse again
Not surprised. He's a hottie.
Just saw the Playmaker workout Justin Blackmon on #NFL network, PLEASE GIVE HIM HIS OWN SHOW! HE's a #BEAST! and the
i wish i could be and
what does #oomf mean?
ESPN refuses to use TMZ as a source
Fresh Collard greens, sweet potatoes, macaroni and cheese, & chicken and dressing (: Sunday dinner!
Mulrich has it
Visit us at www.prosetsgolf.com to take advantage of our 25% off promotion!
Terriorists are not stupid, when they see that airports have all this security they will blow up something else, like a mall....
sorting through emails i put off over the weekend.
Taco is cute as fuck
I think I have an unhealthy crush on Captain America
Big Ups to the All canes crew in Columbus today! Devious , Joe C , GEO! GO CANES !!
I'm ready for a reread - it was *so* good! I've got abt 3 doz stickies marking fav passages & lines. Re: Narcopolis
You can't really spoil ME3. You can live, you can die, you can choose any # of endings. My problem is with the execution.
Ooh--interesting. Have you seen the conversation spelled out in a more nuanced way elsewhere? (Links?) I'd love to read.
Who is excited for Heaven with ?
Stop by DISC-IT Grill at 1st & Lomas for Small Business Saturday. Nevin is cooking up Fajitas Seasoned with my Green Chile Rub!
I'm good! Aid Sudan Gala 2nite, Peyton's home from college 4 summer 2morrow & I join my man n SS Sunday after teaching 6.5 years!
Once upon a time, I love this show!!
keep looking for more #interviewtip the december grad edition: getting you ready to find and get hired at your 1st career all month long!!
WEAK that their lawyers made you pull it down.
Christmas in July. Present arrives on a jetplane :)
Do you have a nearby? They Rock RT : I messed up and forgot food today and now feel like i could gnaw my arm off - ahh
Come back anytime— & too—but, yeah, enjoy your desk for a while first. All the best.
tells that the reason he takes his calls (and others) is becuz #healthjournalism matters.
you coppin max payne tom.? Or at all?
Lol. It's funny because he can't even get drunk
: NVM! Just checked it on a PC.
Oh, stop. Not sure it means much other than that I've used Twitter too long and occasionally, too much.
I'll rephrase. B, due to the fact that the E2 mechanism requires an anti-periplanar beta-H
i'm never on here cause i feel like nobody likes me.
--> Go to this RT Join us Monday night in Brooklyn and Tuesday at
#Excel !! RT "Successful people begin where failures leave off. Never settle for 'just getting by.' Excel!" Tom Hopkins
Mac miller (:
My dog and I are watching paint dry. We're pretty busy. #fantasiatuesdays #acidinthe60's
why must we be so awesome?
No judgement! Just don't show it to his prom date. LOL!
Happy birthday Chris, have an outstanding day!
#StopOAHUrail Dear #HART our freeways & roadway are in need of repair and you are building a state of yesterday rail that no one will ride.
ight I'm down
OK...ill text u if I'm out that way
haha I can live with that! :D
Just came in from a jaunt out to the park. I was fine, just my thighs were cold. Everyone else was complaining!
OMG! Scallops with black truffles was unbelievable! So good!
RT- lightening hitting../// Lightning hit my Dad's Prius while driving on the highway. Wish I had a pic of that!
So cute!
Kristen Stewart Hits Up Jay Leno, Talks Snow White, Sticky Hands And Swag - The Inquisitr
Mobbing it up fqam hows everything going for ya MOB
#HereWeGo so far funniest Superbowl commercial!
RT : Benton County voter turnout is up to 34 percent. #Corvallis #corvgov Follow our live blog tonight at...
Don't forget about Ohio U!! RT : Congrat to Cincinnati, Ohio State and Xavier for a great NCAA tournament run.
Oh my gosh, U must be just famous as all get out, having only put out 344 TWEETS AND HAVE 74,811 FOLLOWERS, HOW DO U DO IT?
My roast chicken is better than supermarket chickens.
Beach with the fam in a bit. Gonna see after like 423587094375 years...
The game dev process: dudes in suits say, "Team, you have X months and Y dollars to make the game. GO!" Team says, "Yay!"
Meek Mill >
Today's tip: Try high intensity interval training once or twice per week. It can be very beneficial for pushing you through a plataeu.
Corruption? Embezzlement?
This episode of Glee...
I hate that -.-
Happy mothers day to all my family and friends that i dont have a number too.
chill times. saturday. whats up? who am i right?
Have you ever noticed how "most" coaches are successful with their teams? It's because they are up close and personal with their message.
... Tell her what ? Something she know ? O.o
If Anonymous were operating during the heyday of Blackbeard et al, what kind of rum would they drink?
Great meeting this AM!
feeling like I just got us all backstage at a rolling stones concert and my friends are like, "who are these old guys?"
I want a snuggie
TEDASHII and LECRAE are some Beast Christian Rappers! God is Good!!
Hey Defence thanks for giving the Donkeys a playoff birth. You all should be ashamed by the way you played today. Thanks for that
I really hope this hot ice cream works out
It's decided. I will marry Tim Tebow.
J. Cole wuz tha truth but big K.R.I.T. didnt show smh
Thanks for following back! Our publications, blog, & tweets are about #ed #youth #transition #employment &
Any suggestions for good health/fitness apps for the iPhone?
Junkies arguing politics on bus "we shouln' let no more of them Chinese in, they already said on the radio they wanna bomb us"
Another sweet spot: eportfolios for students. Start with one teacher. Joyce Valenza
I just talked to a complete stranger mom gne get me....lol
Not tonight, please, we're a little short-handed.
nice drop Laroche
Texas is much better!! Than the halo's
thanks for all the support Matt, you guys are awesome!
Very funny. Twitter brings the whole world together! :)
Love BBQ sandwiches!
Do you have good feelings towards the advancement of the Blazers?
thanks for having my back today told me what you said. I'm glad. I got your back anytime. Love you(: sexy
Hey #SFO how about a clear connection for those of us changing terminals! Highly inefficient for biz travelers!
Opt for a luminous finish. Shimmery blush looks great on everyone. Try powder for normal to oily skin & creamy on normal to dry skin.
"The grass is greener where it is watered." ROBERT FULGHUM There's a garden inside you, around you, @ home, @ work... give a lil drizzle. ;)
I spend most time looking at google maps of my old house in Seattle. So sad. Some one, anyone, let's go to Seattle.
Looking forward to LOLC Fashion Show with on October 2nd!!
me too always makes my day better and can always bring a smile to my face. We have a lot in common (:
i feel like some of them actually get mad when I manage to mention the website despite their best efforts to stop me
#shoutout to all my new followers
Me & Billy r at Dr. Scott Linik's doggie dentist 4 recheck of gums & teeth this morning. His patients luvvingly refer to him as Uncle Scott
*emerges from editing cave* Wow. What a day. Got a TON of work done! Now to watch DVR shows and catch up on tweets. Huzzah.
wtf was that man doing at the softball games to make them call the cops on him...
Happy Birthday to our college founder & president ! Thank you for loving & building the next generation of Leaders!
#deardad happy father
ON MY JOURNEY HOME. End of life care handbook that every family member should have as they walk hand in hand on their journey home!
At D.H. Stanton Elementary community meeting. Parents and neighbors fired up, chanting for district to keep school open.
i love you. ok? seeing tweets from you to all the other ICONiacz makes my day, you make them so happy madison. never stop<3
Girls with boyfriends are the kind I like, I'll steal your honey like I stole your bike
I sent it
It's too fucking cold in Philly. I'm taking my talents to South Beach.
Noonan may eat his words later.
Just another manic Monday....
i miss you
What is that cumraig?
Banana bread, Bach cello suites, and a good cup of tea make thesis work so much better. Oh, it also helps that my apt has ac.
11.15.1938: Any Jewish students who are still attending German schools are expelled.
need vacation now. so much to do. gotta work hard to play hard.
refreshed. off to go clean some more
I love you too man and it's cool I'm glad you did
Johnny 5 Dance Party at Crystal Pistol - win 2 free tickets to 80's Prom!!!
who tryna match one
your keeping the team alive man
Ohh, never tried that. That stinks.
sophia grace and rosie aren't even that great why are they on ellen all the time
We are giving away free shots for every #Braun hr this year. People are happy tonight!
House and Senate who plan to vote yes on SOPA and PIPA: no amount of lobbyist money will help you scrub away the taint of your yes vote.
I'm also thankful for and taking on the middle school like they have. I pray blessings flow their way!
ACTIVI-YOINK! I win at Life! LITERALLY.
rubbing his elbow (wenis) untill he sent me to the principals because he wouldnt gimme the
One take away from #mlearncon - MLearning is more about designing learning experiences than course conversation.
That is a dope Logo!
Big girls you are beautiful~
You still want me to make yo CD?
OF COURSE THEY WILL!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
Im free on saturday hit me up 414-581-1818 and ill let u know a time RT when can we meet up n discuss business
Thank you for this one also. Wow! 2 favorites in one day...1Heart
Yes, we're working on a Sunday, because we are workaholics.
It's tax time! If you need a copy of your HUD statement from a closing, don't sweat it, just ask your Realtor or closing agent for a copy.
lmbo that movie is funny as heck yo hehe
Heading into the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
Can twins be gay?
ONE WEEK LEFT! Enter for your chance to win a ride w/ TODAY! www.Facebook.com/C2GoRideWLance
The techs play music every day during radiation, since you have to lay on a table for 15-20 minutes. Friday seems to be jazz day.
I licked my fingers and ate the plagues.
When you're looking for excellence, you'll never discover the shortcut.
No, but I had the Riot Grrrl Online website up and running for a long time. You can still see the oldest website up.
I nominate for #CCHA ROTW after his 2 goal game tonight. wants that honor for the 3rd week in a row!
I was talking about u earlier then u drove by me
Geezuz the T-bolt still hasn't gotten official gingerbread?! I'm glad there's such a great dev community! Roms ftw!
aww! Yeah, it does! #DC #wonderfulmemories :)
Were you with the ladies wearing tiaras today?!?
dear people of twitter, Please follow !!!!! love, Alexis<3
I changed my username so instead of it's now just lettin' ya know. (:
I am too! Awesome. RT : I am pumped the #Browns will be wearing their brown jerseys at home this year!
the faster you learn it, the better:)
Oh you tease.
My View: Volunteer stint at museum in Arab Israeli city an eye-opening experience - The Salem News
I followed her (:
interesting timing, tmbg plays here tomorrow night!
Absolute! RT People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it! ~ Chinese Proverb ☺
I seriously want to fucking break something, or hell, maybe burn some shit. Too god damned annoyed with people these days.
kiss me while we ride, touch me while we ride.
happy Easter I love you baby <3
#Brewer are not taking advantage of base runners today. Garza could have about 5 runs in him so far.
According to a 2005 survey to 167 non-profits, individuals donate more money online than any other fundraising method.
I'm also doing the 'head in sand' / 'turn a blind eye' approach to #Pinterest. Had same feeling about facebook at 1st.
I'm going to lull myself to sleep listening to the
Well, so far today I've eaten nothing but pureed food. I <3 my food processor
Smarthistory conversations modeling process for looking at art
I legit hate the life I'm living.
Working on librarycopyright.net.
Comb it back -_- I dont like it
no sticks no seed -kid ink
Larry Crowne is a great movie!
Had to put off seeing #theavengers again. Wah!
For sure! That's what's up!
Ah, too bad I'm not working this Fri. Ask for Lauren, though - she makes the best Manhattans!
Just added celebrity Mia St. John former lightweight boxing champion and playboy model will be signing autographs Friday and Saturday
because the computer gods are assholes!
Sobenewyears.com coupons have been extended! Use code "11years" when purchasing general admission tickets and get 5% off instantly!
Did he make it?
Birthday brunch music: Vampire Weekend, specifically "Mansard Roof"
How long shall that soul be tossed upon the waves before it comes to the sea which knows no storm?
What on earth does Man Town smell like?
LOL; right. Safeway only had scrawny little beets left. Gotta go back in the next day or two:) Beets rock!
I will pray for ur husbands saftey
we got it
I know! I mean honestly! There are plenty of attractive, older, and extremely fuckable girls at their shows! Not her
says it's unavailable...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY its actually not ur bday yet in chi town buutttt im gonna b busy tomaro so im wishing u a happy bday now! ;)
Happy Hump Day, Tweeps!!!
Second student this quarter who has told me that they've found the stuff I've taught them useful for other classes.
I don't have any feelings, my heart's paralyzed *
easy weight loss trick. Add boiling water to oat bran, stir let sit 5 minutes & strain. Drink oatmeal H20 warm or cold. Filling excellent 4u
does that mean you would like me to tweet something? If so, hello! I hope you like your new phone :D
Just found out etsy has mobil now =) I'm a happy bird
they are very pretty cats but a little highly strung. Ours thinks she's a little princess and is currently sleeping under the duvet
Don't sleep on the vision and destiny you have been called to...stay alert at all times...or abandon ship immediately ...
she might! You never know...they really are so good!
Pretty sure that for , riding that Yamaha is like doing a big girl, it gets the job done when ur by yourself...
not tonight I might be down to go hookah tonight but I've hella shit to do plus dinner with the family! Tomorrow yay
That would be #2020F Fred!
wow you're shallow.
:D i'm to happy. That pinky promise made my entire night. :)
Bo Ryan hit the nail on the head, "everyone remembers the accusation, but many forget about the outcome" It's a process!!
Eighty-six percent of users expect lies about physical appearance on dating site profiles.~D
I know you say you love me girl, problem is you prolly tell that shit to everybody. So we hear you talking boo but we just dont believe you.
when do I Tupac vs. 2Pac?
I'm starting to wonder if well ever have a permenent bus driver?
fosho unless u wanna come help wash a car
THIS ONE TIME AT BAND CAMP THIS HOT GUY TOUCHED MY BACK AND FIXED MY POSITION. ..that sounded wrong. Everyone else; hahahahahahah.
Worrying is stupid, It's like walking around with an umbrella waiting for it to rain.
When I post this vid in 2 min.. It'll be my 30th YouTube vid.. I've wanted to get there for a while.. So... Cool.
That was no joke!!! You are beautiful! :)
I felt like i was in the 1920's. An experience I've never had until tonight!
Don't slip on any bananas. ;)
I'm done trying. 😒
is gonna be on #sytycd tonight, I'm excited for the show, but all I can think about is what is she gonna wear!!? lol
Looking forward to talking on the show
"...in Jeb's kingdom dissent is frowned upon and journalists are supposed to be accommodating stenographers,"- America's Next Bush, S.V.Date
I want one!!
All the girls at this party have boyfriends :(
Okay... I'll be back later, gotta watch my gay boys on TV & see my husband.xx
I wish songs I write could really bring back special people in my life..
Off to interview the lovely sicko then 1K. So glad it starts at the humane hour of 5 PM!
Thanks for visiting us. We appreciate it. : )
literally just received an SMS from Legal saying we cannot use the Cloud ofr TRojan Hears Network so must tweet waivers every hour
Sometimes being a DD is more fun than drinking. Tonight was an example.
Did the Seahawks just lose Okung for the first half of the season? Welcome to Seahawk football.
Reading "The Innovative University" (by C. Christensen & H. During, 2011 Jossey-Bass). Fascinating read!
Burning the Midnight Oil
Working from home tomorrow means no 5:00am alarm
Have a great #MothersDay celebration!
i dont understand why its taking you so long. Its so good.
Today has been sad
Fifth sphinx moth of the month mysteriously appearing inside the same window, with no way in or out. What gives?
I am a data convert. Numbers teach us about our neighbors in crisis. Can't wait for #PITCOUNT on Thursday.
Motorists are advised to avoid Donnybrook street area, south Belfast due to road traffic collision
But I'm not gonna be a bitch, cuz that'd be a bitch move
yes it's really great ;)) Same here my love .. Did u have a nice day ??
#STANKY BOOTY SELf
no I fell asleep around 5 and started hitting snooze at 5:30
so how are you liking twitter
Amazing! Can't wait to see these.
Jason- Let me know if we can help you with this role.
bummer. send me an email, Andrea and I'll give you some contacts
Great news!!! RT Jim Owczarski is unanimous new City Clerk
- thank you so much for the kind words... and for a fantastic evening!
Whenever I have to give a presentation I like to tie it all together at the end with "So, um...yeah....".
Sounds good! I hope you can make it out as well!
In Mambo, like in life, not everyone is nice, not everyone is nasty.
:) Thanks for the follow!
It's Friday and a beautiful 1 even w/gray skies. A bit undone 2day counting my blessings as a child of the King!
Thanks also to for helping us tweet #UWeather today!
We're a new restaurant dedicated to delicious food and sustainable living, 98% of our food is prepared in house so stop in
Crushed some chesticles today at and now I'm strictly breathing in greatness.
of course we are. What else would we be?!?!
Those wheelie things are dangerous? Man, remember when Ryan Mallett used one?
my wife is from the east bay do we make it out there once or twice a year. Will prob take the baby out there soon to meet fam
The old gospel songs moved your spirit cause the singers were spirit filled..songs diff. today!o
People who don't know baseball shouldn't talk baseball.
About Venus wedding dress To find the exceptional of the dress of Venus lux are wedding in Shoppe :-)
Disassembling an iPhone should be left to professionals.
3000!!! You like us..You Really, Really Like US!!
Just arrived home. Great film crew - Paul from NY, Petr from Prague, and Jonas from Amsterdam!
Andy's Jazz Jam Session: Tonite - 9pm @ 11 E Hubbard, Musicians Free, Vocalists Welcome. $10 Gen. Admission. HOpe to CU There.
Gearing up for Pride Weekend... Pre-Pride Party at Cowtippers Friday night featuring the infamous DJ Jay McCracken! See you there!
no we are taught about his life and actions not trivial facts like that
Welcome to Morgan Tucker Consulting Engineers first Tweet!
ahah aw, next time! promise
Today is Cyber Monday. But just barely until we have cyborgs and the super internet. Until then enjoy semi-cyber monday.
sometimes i see the world for how fucked up it really is, I tell myself I'll be the one to make a change in it.
Playing some in the coffee shop before school starts. It's a jazz kind of day.
Is there a better conference tournament then the Big East? Great exposure for sponsors too!
Pain Nothing begins, and nothing ends, that is not paid with moan; for we are born in other's pain, and perish in our own. Thompson, Francis
lol I didnt know u have a twitter either
Enjoy. I think about 10 of my requested changes were made in 6.5. Pretty awesome.
THANK YOU!!!
Sounds good! Just let me know if I can help.
Should We Donate Money to KONY 2012?
Current TV Finds a Good Number Within Its Tiny Ratings
great conversation last nite and thanks for the darts lesson Paul; next time I'll wear my glasses
#BigTimeLA when big time rush rock I'm roll, I'm losing controlled :D
If tyga can make it in music. Then so can I. Tyga I'm callin you out. Anybody know his twitter name
Aw yea GM
and we miss you, buddy.
This is our situation, and the current drop in oil prices is a result of the fact that our economy is again on the downside.
Improv 4 Kids MATINEE performance TODAY at 3pm at the Times Square Arts Center. Join us for some funny improv comedy!
With my own eyes I cannot see my future but I lean on my faith that has no vision- Jeannette Tyson Gregory
it helps, but what they really love is seeing that you've gone to various different teachers with distinct methods.
I never thought I'd be the household without toilet paper. Looks like I'm holding it :/
Are you (have you ever been) in a relationship in which you feel badly treated by your partner? In what ways?
Church is like any other big org.To advance your career u must play the game,be a "yes man" and lick plenty of a...
YUMMERS RT : Today's FREE secret (not-on-menu) flavor is #DCCUPCAKES White Chocolate Raspberry!!!
KEEP US POSTED WITH UPCOMING DATES AND LOCATIONS AND too :)
That and Greek mythology never really interested me either...
just brought timmy ho's - savior. the luminaries are being lit.
Good night for a beer on the roof.
hey Bettina, thanks for follow.
#np voodoo glow skulls. El coo cooi
PS I miss you... LMK when you off!!!
Guy jumped on top of the Bull, got arrested, kicked out window of police car 1212. Other than that, pretty peaceful here at
Houston Hoops v Athletes First goes into OT
Dating Tips For Guys - Keep Your Date Interested
Congrats to and Nicole on their wedding day!
#Vietnam Very special collaboration w Vietnam now as new generations of ppl focus on building nation, 30 April 1975 Saigon fell, 37 yrs ago
is finishing up a flat stanley project for his niece's second grade class.
Wow that just not right at all!!
Laguna beach is so gorgeous. I seriously need to live right on the water one day.
I like the Bud spot
say somethin' baby don't be so shy. ((;
Thank you, #thanksgiving , for making me feel bloated, because I really just needed that extra boost of confidence. ._.
If u text me, & I tell u I'm working on something for school, LEAVE ME ALONE!!!
RT : Tasty #leftoversforlunch, beet salad from ! I must return to try the patio!
epic, soon my device will be full of different app/tweak/theme stores with no room for any of the tweaks xD
I honestly don't know. I've seen clips of Portlandia but I don't know what song you mean...which one?
Dunkin' D's and then a stalk around the lake. Took her bowling last year... You know what, I don't want to talk about that.
ass 88 times in his song Dance
Just finished reading Friends Like Us by Lauren Fox. Looking forward to meeting her at the end of the month.
And thank you for a house full of people I love. Amen. - Ward Elliot Hour
Familia follow my fam "where true hip hop is" in the
Respect your elders.
#welcometochicago the coupon capital of the world
The big10 is full of pit bull, lock you down defensive teams. Nobody looks to be having much fun against them in NC games.
happy birthday mate! you dont look a day over 20
RT To win a FREE Copy of Dale Evans: Beyond the Happy Trails from
Elite Showcase Basketball Classic and Virginia Elite is in the building tonight!
Somewhere in America: Energy: via
Drew Ramsey from Hubig's is on Happy Hour, live and with warm lemon pies www.itsneworleans.com
ahahahaa spur of the moment party-ish! Too bad your in the other side of the country!
Someone come over and make me food
why yes!
That movie was so good. Nuff said. 😱
yes!!! And they're everywhere in Dublin. No one even knows how to use them!!!!!!!!
That awkward moment when this random girl named "camryn" is opening for your 1D concert...
I'm goin' back to waves... Word to yo daddy leather sandals...
t_Pimp Certified Thursday's is back for the first time on April 26th
FREE ALL AGES SHOW!!! Next Tuesday June 21st, Wheelies/Red Hex/Si Si Si play the GO SKATE FESTIVAL at 8pm after the skateboard...
Spright....forever and always.
Aftershock -- anyone else?
Miami, FL- need females for promo work. No nudity. Pay is 15 dollars per hour (Casting Code B3)
Gonna be working about 60-70 hours a week this summer and only getting paid for 30. It'll pay off down the line though
Saw the #1 play on Espn top 10 plays of the day yesterday first hand... IT WAS CRAZY!
the big homie told us fans that you would to do a song with ja rule that would be unfair niggas ain't for that!
will do !
We can finally see the weather for home opener...scattered showers 82 degrees !! Just 10 days away..
#Goodmorning and God Bless
lmao syllabus says paper and PowerPoint ha
in LA where I live its a stretch living on $150 a day.
Seski confused, fly fishing on Deschutes end with Flatbread pizza on table? Down by Old Mill Stream (Seski singing)
Yo this I kidnapped twitter just to say...#kawalaPussy...lol phone went dead nobodys safe.
i wanna have beers and pronounce everyone's name right with
Busto in 21st, AQs no good vs A7s. He made a flush on the river.
North Carolina...the only state you can marry your cousin but not your gay partner/lover. What a concept, incest is best!!!
I just heard one stupid girl say to her stupid friend "should we get to-go coff?" I mean, really? U can't say that second syllable?
don't underestimate & #teamunanimous. has LOTS of VERY supportive fans.lol.
Whoa, he lives! How's things, Carlos??
Caught without a pacifier when your baby wants one? Try cheap, easy, & ever-present pacifier substitute = your (clean) pinky finger.
Leading Dutch Cancer Center Publishes Data Showing Improved Survival Rates for Elderly Lung Cancer Patients Using ...
First person to mention this post at our #Madison #WI Store gets $10.00 off any order.
Lol RT They must be doing what they always do: fact-check, independently confirm, and carefully craft a sensitive headline.
Now on to personnel changes. Will search for provost immediately.
My neck hurts from being on the phone all morning. Worker's comp?
shit, my dog still barking?
Chuck Norris is better than
SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WARNING FOR NORTHEASTERN CIBOLA, NORTHWESTERN BERNALILLO, NORTHWESTERN VALENCIA AND SOUTH CENTRAL SANDOVAL COUNTIES ,,,
that is a great song right there.
Getting my jazz on today. Miles Davis in the morning and in the afternoon.
This thread is amazing Dude.
I still gotta keep my eye on you.
having great success as phx goalie coach
Your disrespectful to him man lol and we are talking about Jim Brown and his movie is just starting to come. Coincidence lmao
I do everything at 100%.....It's more like a club for me. Once you join your in.....
SULFUR compounds in the mouth cause bad breath & enable inflection. Avoid toothpaste w/sodium laurel SULFATE (SLS). www.closys.com SLS free!
Yes! Look forward to seeing you1 RT : just made my reservations for Valentines day... Can't wait!
awesome! I'm at the salesforce HH right now. Keep me updated on what you're up to :)
you betcha {hug} :)
So after looking at literally thousands of craigslist postings, I've now seen one - just one - that includes a floor plan diagram.
Oh, right. Yes, well.... HEY
Aww gee thanks :) hahaha! #success oh and no fake shit RT : i believe in you lol...
At the airport flying back to Denver.
It really was remarkable. Wish you could have been there too!!!!
Off to a free improv class tonight! Sweet! And maybe a tasty burrito from Burrito Madness!!
I wonder how much the violence in Jamaica will effect tourism? My husband n I have trip planned 4 Sept. 2 Ochos Rios, plane lands n Kingston
If you were to look at who I follow, you will get the most skewed perception of who I am as a person. Lol.
Penney: Museums don’t hold up a mirror to culture, they’re instruments of culture.
I'm laughing too hard right now cus of #oomf text messages. That wine n Chips Combo lol
Great nonetheless!
#Timbers season opener tonight. Maybe this year I'll be able to make it to a game... you know, if someone has some tickets laying around.
At? Or DOING the YMCA?
Let's make it happen.
lol, no, okay?
#ThingsThatGirlsLike when boys give long hugs
that's how I'm feeling right now in BK
Yup! Thats how u gotta do it sumtimes RT : put me on the spot huh lol
sorry to hear that sexy lady. Prayers 4 u and ur family
Good Morning.
Going to a rather nasty dental procedure, really curious about the effects of nitrous oxide (laughing gas) since I've never had it before
I wish I had someone to chill with but I dont feel like chilling with anybody if that makes since
U ain't trill like that
... Loved seeing y'all tonight, as always!!!
My cap and gown are wildly flattering. -_-
We don't have one yet, but as soon as we do, I'll link it to you. Want to make a reservation?
You don't need a title to minister You just have to have ministry in your heart.... "Dr Iverna in class last night"
I use tweets 4 advertising our products and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it wrong.
Hey #CBS what the heck? Showing a replay during the final seconds if play.
it sucks so hard! I have to wear little girl clothes :(
So you're just gonna walk through the airport with no shoes on
m hm! lol
Thanks so much for buying "Incomplete Passes", Elisabeth! I hope you enjoy it!
- Welcome Eric! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
k...have fun
RT : If you hate our tax system and want a religious conservative gov't w/no abortion or gay marriage, Iran is waiting for YOU
You and me both! This system was slow in landing, but I'm glad it's finally here.
Was hoping some peds folks from #PAS2012 & our social media workshop would join #meded chat. Maybe they're here looking/lurking/learning
Yay thank you!
Need Some Dome And I Ain't Talking Georgia UH-O.
.....am I the only one who hates Christina Aguilera...?
Who'd rather be watching Johnny Rocker & The High Rollers than Madonna right now?
#FF to EVERYONE. Why? Cuz you're all GOLD.
if you give me a shout out will give you 1( and ToastRedCarpetLive event)
Dallas Tx
#SOBEWFF is off to a great start! We're LOVIN it. If your at the tastings today, stop by for a photo & a taste of Wines That Rock.
Reading again:( Hello 3rd period in 6min;-)
Im a fucking awesome cook!
can we also expect CSSpaghett3?
They're brilliant to bring you in, I really appreciate how much you bring to us in ThirdTribe!
Papas birthday is today (: dinner with the fambam tonight (:
Teen eating pizza for breakfast on the bus. I want it.
Funny how everyone wants to have my baking, but so few people seem to want to share in return! ;-)
": man card" When you can out drink all other men that becomes null and void... lol
S/O to my new followers! #nfb 8)
Also be sure to follow and retweet for up to the minute updates whenever I add new listings.
I miss being young.
Grabbed a fun size starbust pack out of the candy bowl at work. Got two #reds. BOO YA! Almost never happens!
Reading Mrs. Dalloway. I'd rather face a bear than Woolf.
just a thought: the beer detail page, seeing more of my friends activity/ranking of that beer would be awesome! friends > public
would you do my sis in law a solid & say Happy BDay to The fam are huge fans of Ben F
"... a flawless beer that opens with bright, perky high notes of maltiness and orange blossom and segues into a delectable hoppiness.”...
oh. what's your panel? bet it's good.
Fraser keeps getting collection calls for someone named Jaclyn. He's asked several times to have his # removed, but they keep calling. 1/2
Sketching out new design ideas- I love this part :)
Jared sullinger just got boomed on!!!!!
cool! I actually got a hall pass for the game...
Working on my birthday! 🎂😏
Btw, thanks for the 5 million followers on Instagram!.. If you don't follow me, you can: danielagonzalezlovesyou. Xoxo 💗
a person is like a book a can throw u away
Play of the Day: Don’t overlook a huge recruiting resource right in front of you (besides beRecruited) – your high school/club coach!
welcome!! I want a pink one!!
Depends we almost always send priority shipping. so a week or two RT : how long does delivery usually take?
Senate District 13 includes Watertown and Beaver Dam, WI.
And maybe they don't like beer. But those helmet ice creams were legit.
Game Runners, Gaming the System, Playlist
We had a blast last night at the verge And can't wait to meet some new friends at kc's tonight in Fredericksburg
RT : Pray for one another. Just be willing to be part of the answer to that prayer.
beginning of the year: nothing special about him. middle: he's cute. now: I'm falling in love with him...
First-ever bass expo offers anglers another chance to reel in some deals
#YEEUH is SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA THERE?(:
When you gonna release Standing on the moon?
Hey guys! Looking forward to it and meeting new travel lovers! #tbex12 europe
Just because she's pretty doesn't mean your ugly!
I bet Newcastle are really missing Andy Carroll right about now.
and I'm really on here. Which is why I'm just now seeing this.
When Simba walks on that bridge and transforms >>>>>
Apparently someone said this before I did, back to the drawing board... ": "Common sense is not so common." - Voltaire”
Duh i got em
how are you? <3
Yeah so.... i'll just do homework in first period. Knowing my luck we will actually do something in there tomorrow.
thanks for the info! I really appreciate it. I'll think about some topics...
And now I see that the article is talking about Michael BBerg. So much for paying attention....
I will admit i want to kill you sometimes-_-. But i would kill for you n.n
someone talk to me
I Couldn't See Myself Havin A Baby Right Now. Just Can't.
really enjoyed Double Jump! I'd love to see more shows like this in the future! :-)
I like that quarter cup of tequila!
Hm what should I do today? Oh wait, take daughter to school, then head to with my brother! I love vacation week!!!!!
Pee Dee, Eh?
..if you're sincere, aren't you suppose to show some balls?
as a matter of policy, I am boycotting any company who spams my twitter feed. C ya.
VAMPERIFICA has signed one of the Best in the Biz's Ronna Wallace (Reservoir Dogs, Gun Hill Road/Sundance) as its' Agent 4 domestic sales
MoMo is coming to Atl...be on the look out
There's only one vacation that really matters, and as long as I get that one I'm a happy girl.
love you both
T-24hrs! A little Jimmy Buffett, some Bob Seager & The Who 2 get motivated this morning. Now if the sun would come out it would be gr8t!
NCORE 2012 will take place in NYC May 29 to June 2 at Marriott Marquis in Times Square! Registration starts later this summer
Don't blame the bus driver...bring the ruckus drunk? GTFO!
Tis better to spill coke than snort it out your nose.
Christmas is here give the hunter, fisherman, or the outdoor adventurer the PowerHotSpot, a continuous energy source for all their needs!
Good Night! Sleep with the angels......XOXO
everyone is at a bonfire tonight... i want one!!
peed on This night is rowdy.
Ok so we hv the Free VIP cards for the ladies & I just get a text from a guy tht wnts one bc he's gay..wht is the world coming to
Caps fans woke up this morning only to realize its true...that did happen last night
Dead reckoning is not beyond human capacity. Pay attention.
Right on Time by Maze is like a therapy session. Love it.
I knew they were but i didn't know they were starting TOMORROW jeez
Yes! Come join us in D.C.! Bring a little sanity to the tourist-riddled, TEA-riddled National Mall! # RallytoRestoreSanity
saw white chocolate aka Linnea at the mall today! Love her so much!
I just tap everywhere haha
hahah no one does so just saying whusgood
Lets make an office snuggie that is done in biz casual fabric- and a reclining office chair
Can't make it to for tonight's Mammoth game? Tune in on or online Go Mammoth!
we can play radar dubs man!!!
no doubt about it. It's oh so very weird!
Tinky Winky is trending? is that supposed to be the gay one?.
thats fine! But i have two, they are both called photo collage, ones red blue and yellow and the other one says phc on it!
Nap achieved!! Gaw, I feel so much better.
True, but why not jump at the chance to enjoy some chocolate?
Ready to twerk
My cuzzo is prego & still says she has "Boy problems" -_____- I wanna slap her lil Puerto Rican ass...
I hate it when I realize I used the word "great" twice in a one line email.
Yess ! I wondered where my sweetheart went :(
I am hoping we do! Lol
cant wait to see u tomorrow we need to organize Both of our lives big time ....
You had fun (kinda) Hush
Advanced Medical Isotope Corporation, as Commercialization Partner, Receives Washington State Life Sciences Discovery ...
Finally omw home.
Can't wait to read it next! : My #fridayreads is Alison Bechdel's ARE YOU MY MOTHER? ”
I dont even know y or whn that started
Tonight's plan: dinner & some movie called The Avengers. I've heard it's pretty decent.
If I dress like a douche, roll with douches and do douchey things like cocking my hat to the side but I am not a douche, am I a doucheposer?
When you act weird <<.
We'll keep tweeting here and , most likely. All the info will be on TAG, though.
So you guys should trend #Money because it's my English Beta's hash tag. He's trying to make it trend. It's hilarious during class.
Thanks to #rbtl for bringing the team out to Scotland Yard Pub tonight. Appreciate the support.
Achieving ROE: it's less about the tool boxes and more about the people wielding the hammers. Great insights from Conf
My self esteem is at an all time low
it's okay, I had bacon this morn
and kept bragging about it
Dear Emma, well..i LOVE your BG!!! hahah! your really pretty and you RT me alot so i thank you for that to! (:
#engaged over the holidays? I wanna see your rock!
Sarah Michelle Gellar = classy. fav look so far
Happiest of New Years to you Joey, Linda, Lucy and all your loved ones. Be healthy and prosper. LOVE LOVE LOVE YOU! ♥
Just sat down at the CODiEs gala—ready to applaud all the excellent nominees!
Any restaurants/wine bars/wine shops celebrating #LanguedocDay?
yeah I'm taking summer school till June 15!!!! How long will you he here till?! I want to see you!
Hey Michael O'Leary, yes run scared cause those against #sopa are not taking it lying down, u and your cronies do not own the world
#3WordsForYou I W o n t S t o p
The Grease Trucks, or what I miss the most about the Rutgers campus.
I totally saw your stuff at the checkout and almost grabbed! Will definitely try next time !
nice to feel needed! Upset to hear about the book/treasure taxi loss.
Ordered thai food and watching #rhobh, it better be good.
This is red wine weather, and I only have fancy bottles in the house. I think a wine delivery service needs to be invented in my area.
We're closed on Mondays, but will be back at it tomorrow w/lots of fab apparel for you!
Back in Denver after attending the 2012 KICK OFF (Western Union's Annual Executive Leadership Meeting) in Orlando, Florida. Great event!
Yes, see it!!! :) I thought it was pretty funny. SO jelous u were standing next to him.
Tough play
Ur an awesome lady!
Thinking about you before I fall asleep...Good Night guys
Do we have any real fashion bloggers with a following? 25-35 yrs of age.
i am so hired
LOL! Its been a while since I've heard that..
Hates it when people discriminate against my mom
Sam looks like he's getting a boner watching Mercedes... Just Saying.
Who would win in a fight: John Donne or Geoffrey Chaucer?
The more ambitious your vision, the more likely you are to attract the significant investors.
NABD Dealer Academy was a success. Join us at booth 719 tomorrow for the main event!
They cost $15 a pill. In my practice it's often the wife who wants the hubby to have a script.
Opened and cleaned 70 cans of baby food my thumb hurts :(
I want you
Thanks for the tweets. Let us know if you'd like beta access to PeekAnalytics.
Both are cool but I think
Vote for the candidates who are serious about YOUR student government. Vote the student body best.
Well thanks! I think you're pretty cool too! XO
Get the brussels sprouts. They're insane.
Healthcare.gov a great site, impressed. Good info on healthcare changes (for the government that is). I bet it cost a billion to make.
you sing! Omg for real?! :D
ah,sorry, hadn't been on for ages--we have 5.0 for now. They want Word-like track changes.
I hope there is spotted dick.
Sitting at Mobil gas station catching up with an old friend...
I wanna see that video!! :0 lol
Everyone, hold on to your pants! It's a new tonight!!
And also thanks to everyone who attended! We'll have information on next month's meeting available soon.
congrats on winning the race you kicked butt.
Just watching a movie now!
They'll blow it in the tournament. Holy Cross Part II.
A real man knows a real woman when he sees her...and a real woman knows a real man ain't afraid to please her...--Alicia Keys
I'm doing the exact same thing. What am I doing?
RT - Am. Football Game With The New England Patriots Vs Miami Dolphins Live Telecast TV At PC On 12 Sept. 2011 At 23:00 ...
over all your message of peace is great I just want to further open my mind. i feel the block
Skip school and be in a music video, or go to school and sit through an AP class? Hm. Such a difficult decision.
omg jersey shore was so good<33333
Maureen O'Sullivan.Mia's mom.So beautiful and so talented we all miss her. (video)
Is Subcomandante Marcos on twitter?
That's awesome. My resume needs a much needed workout just like I do after the holidays. How were your holidays?
-I got your msg - anything 4 u my brother I'll film S. Jersey & Philly. STEELERS!
#TRAK #Records and #Library has a page on LinkedIn! Follow us for jobs in information management.
Right on! Hope things are going well!
Boat shoes --- awkward or awesome?
it's a Square Donut! A statistical anomaly worthy of Guiness's great book... Haha & I eat donuts while dancing quite regularly
alas, i do not who. Great article though--we should've invited you as a third speaker!
This virus is killing me. Been unable to work, tried removing it and none of my programs felt like running. Hopefully system restore works.
- lol! Watch for the word "QI"
Be Kind Rewind
Hello long lost Twitter. Still getting back into routine after a sad, albeit special few days back east with family.
Not even abt to look at "Following" list
HA! where are you?
Was just on Belmont and saw all the streetlights go out from Racine to Sheffield. Seems like places on S side of street are out too. #WTF?
Thx for the mention! RT 's maps are totally cool. And not just because of the tie in.
Always remember that our heroes are human. Bad men are capable of great things and good men are capable of evil.
You should pick me <3
Srsly!! RT If this weather would just stop being so dang beautiful it would be easier to sit in my office & accomplish things
I'm having Clyde withdrawals :(
So of just announced element sharing to Facebook, Twitter, etc.
If you have not had a sit down meeting with your direct reports in the last month, go sit in a corner.
Free Citi of Angels!!!!! Locked up in that twitter jail, do not pass go, do not collect $200
Stop by the Meteor Solutions booth in the social lounge at #OMMAGlobal for a chance to win free Meteor Analytics!
We just reach our 5K mark on indiegogo/ The Wailing Film Thanks to all the supporters!
#MyFreshmanYearAtFAMU i got drunk for the first time in college club house and i blame
Funny how many tweets in #edchat are not related to the question, but take advantage of the reach of the hashtag.
Follow back?:))
I don't like green eggs and ham, I don't like them Sam I am.
It completely baffles me when celebrities commit crimes. Tf are you thinkin?
RT : Jesus Christ , is this your "beat a dead horse" segment. Maddox, Wallace? You get to resurrect your heroes?
Got her address? I'm quite adept at hand to hand combat.
oh then ur younger lol. but u look older :)
We are a Lincoln Park Landmark with newly renovated rooms. Check us out online and make us your Landmark Home today!!
Tired of working like a dog and getting shit in return f%#k this...
im confused why robertson isnt in the pen. a righty is due up for the rangers..
Nice day for a drive. Pho in VA anyone??
I full on slammed on my ass so hard that I think it might have self adjusted my back.
anything involving #prosecco & #duck makes me smile. I'm in!
<-- is gonna have fun tonight ♥
It's #upfronts week.
80 yard Touchdown catch for Dillon Hunter, longest play of week one of playoffs, any division.
Connect In My World.{}
great car, Only issue ever was the idle control valve. I bought it from him when I had an e39, ever notice all BMW smell the same
if the two of them were to combine...i want to be dressed in it at my funeral.
"There's too many fat asses out there." - Charles Barkely is a damn fool. 😂
Thanks to our #GPTWConf sponsors , Baird,
Me too! Not yet. I'd love to (of course) & I know he likes my work, but I dunno if the opp. to call me in has come up.
Thank you for your support! Sorry to hear about the ACL. We'll do what we can to keep you engaged while you recuperate.
And you know im talking bout King James...and not that clown Durant
I Hate Sharing My Food . Like Get Your Own Shit Homie !
well yah. Where else can people get free exercise classes aimed at seniors? (hint: no where) We do Gentle Yoga. People LOVE it.
being a DUCK fan and also a STEELERS fan made it bitter sweet to watch!
": Im so bored... Im about to take a long nap"u b bored by choice
lol did I tell you you're our official best friend yet?
hey beth! yep we are planning to submit. would love to chat. please shoot me an email to . thanks!
just 5 minutes with Cam will change your life. That's what it felt like watching the packers game. But I agree he might be special
aye... my twitter is being so stupid. so yeah idk if u replied to my dm cuz i cant see anything -_-
Interview tip: The thank-you note is not out of style; might just set you apart from others, especially those who just send a quick email.
- Great Info as always Frank!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY EMAN!! I hope all your wishes&dreams come true & I hope for nothing but the best for u. I love u soo much!!❤😍
Holy crap! First place? State competition?
Are you managed?
Fabulous look this morning at what is doing on campus to be sustainable! I'm inspired to raise awareness at home.
Tweet me your favorite pun. Not an oxymoron.
*WHY* does healthcare bill have provision allowing extra fees for balance carried throughout the month?
It's funny how things work out once you realize what you can't control.
I tell ya why ricks different this yr. A little dirty secret got out last yr & as a result his exploits w dirty whores r over
So You Think You Mr.Funny Guy? Dont Make Me Break Yo Kevin Hart Boy
I like pbr but hate shitting my pants
Fuck im tired.
:) Getting pretty good at it. Second try now.
do u know Schwarz? He loves Jewel above most things
Thanks! Would love to add that follow feature to list pages but working out how to not slowing down load time of site.
Why is #NeverEnding story not on #Netflix streaming? How will my Sunday be complete?
You guys dancing till the world ends? -Britney
Oh, I wanna play that new game "Servers Down" everyone on my timeline right now is talking about.
Tears can mean not only sadness but happiness too.
yup RT : myPOV: Companies have more data than they know what to do with as it is - too few people know how to action it
Do you want to get more votes for your panel? Write a blog post and make your case. Accepting submissions now at cluncon at gmail dot com.
The sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble.
yeah I made it 1 or 2 months ago I just never came on
#HealthTip The American Council on Exercise indicates that one of the most effective methods of stress relief is exercise.
Looking for a PR pro for month long project; could lead to full time position. Interested? Know some1 that might? E: .
Students, alumni, state legislators press Vanderbilt on &#39;all-comers&#39; policy
So true!! Also hate when a valance is to short = ready made !!
Brian has the coolest hair!
haha yeah he doesnt seem like he should be a rapper. he seems like the guy that would come and hook your cable up
You guys should add Cool guy. Wizard at social media. Helping me customize my profile.
I lived near Boston for 15 years and the best suggestions I can make are places you go on field trips in the 4th grade.
Day 2 at Silverdale & my 5yo is convinced the kids zone is a new "all-recess all the time" school. And he calls it the "A" vs."Y".
Time is getting limited for #NAMM if you want to me up, give us a buzz. Looking for more great partnerships in 2012!
Giants' Sandoval has fractured hamate bone in left hand. Is it Kung Fu Bad Handa now?
“: But seriously, where the MOTHERFUCKING tacos at?”
Thanks for the update! No surprise there - would love to see some straw polls in northern Wisconsin.
X0! I'm a lot cooler on this 90 degree LA day!
misses u!
going to my hometown for a few hours in a nice reminder of why the hell I got out of there in the first place
need info
ignited? Did I say that?
I miss hearing about kevin!
Psst! Want a backstage peek at a Reman U issue from idea to inbox? It even includes some exciting &
PLEASE pick me for the 12 in 12 contest!!!! ah it would be so amazing!
PERIODS. Of all the things, why blood? Why can't it be like... fairy dust or something?
2nd Saturday! Lets do this! Come see what the #firestonedistrict is all about! You wont be disappointd!
I thought no one was suppose to know !
Listening to 2 geog teachers discus how they sat beside a convenience store waiting on the tornado... He forgot to tweet about it tho
Thank you for your condolences. They are much appreciated.
My favorite UK dunk of all time? 's throw down on UL's Nate Anderson in Freedom Hall with the dance at the end
nothing what you been on?
Government control of the uterus has been a main goal of conservatives for years.
Could today get any worse? Sure can...
To the Star Wars? HA! YES!
yep! We had that tonight too. The place upstairs overlooking Michigan Ave with the jazzy music. Same nite as the huge choco cake.
i love when people talk about my relationship.
love is a battlefield, I'm willing to go to the frontline & fight for you!
Ah, it's the virtual thought that counts!
You too Kim!
So, could sing the phonebook to me and I'd be happy!
u guys'll make it, hope u do well, but there are only 3-4 teams that can win it all this year.
People who lie!
Diego Milito is forever overlooked in this world. such a shame
Will the Colts end their losing ways today and upset the Bengals?
hoping you are healthy and ready to bounce back with the team
I was going to go walk up to Heritage w/ my dog, but I'm so damn lazy. I hate walking. Lol.
I don't want to go to the dentist tomorrow, cuzz I'm sure they'll find something wrong no matter how well I care for my teeth.
Maybe it is because the owns the Coyotes
#idonthavethefactstobackthisup but Jon Stewart is hilarious.
#BGDating Dating should enrich your life, not complicate it.
MT : Tears of joy by many community members after today's #prideflag vote. Obvious that this momument means a lot to D3
I seen it too and Im scared straight. He said to the camera man 'if I wanted your booty, I can have it.
My thoughts and prayers are with the entire Pinkel family.
For social media campaigns always ask, "What is my end goal?" says
you can have her, i hate girls ! Goodnight big bro!
Making it happen.
finding AWS DynamoDB table querying (and scanning) to be more difficult to grasp than expected; using AWS .NET/C# SDK
Looking to buy a new Hawaiian shirt!! Something a little bright and loud!!!!!
Thank you ! And thanks for being a great host for our off-site meetings.
Work it. Girl
After you read this, drink a glass of water! Then RT so your followers can do the same :)
So you go and tweet it all around hannah , really . this aint my fault. YOU pushed ME out.
If u ever get the chance talk with someone 70 plus. Guarantee these old timers can teach u about good old fashioned hustle
Ha!, would love to see some pics from the round!
Is AT&T Wireless down in the Miami Area?
Inner peace and love is all I want, both so hard to find. But instead I'll settle for sex and alcohol.
Confirmed reports from #Syria: High ranking #Assad army general assassinated today in
You're welcome. :]
thanks for the shout out, not late at all :)
Didn't do my science !! 4got about it >_<
thanks buddy!
2 blondes walked into a bar...
Drinko de Mayo. Duh. People say Hallmark invents holidays. I say alcohol companies win that category.
*puts on my Party Poison costume and grabs my gun* Alright, lets go kill some bitches
I still haven't see Bridesmaids
how do send DM to my lists
“: "He is risen! He is risen indeed!"”
I'm trying to remember why I loved you so much...because now, I'm at a loss where that's concerned. SMH
I love pacsun
alrdy im check it out and let u knw wats up
What an amazing day!..truly perfect..I'll sleep well tonight...
Im ready for bed
uh...did you just see what you wrote?
so glad to hear tweetheart
Happy Chinese New Year wherever YOU are!!
LETS GO BRUINS!!!!
Looking forward to dinner at Mastro's tonight. Our last experience was not great so they offered us a redo. That's service and smarts.
WE definitely will! Thanks guys.
hope she feels better.Nothing worse than a sick child.
YES! Melanie is back in! Way to make it right Simon.
Did anyone else get to see the beautiful pink/red sunrise this morning???
you are absolutely right Carol. And that's why we need someone bold representing Florida. Help spread the word. Thank you!
Wen I was lil my football coach use to say I have hands like R Moss. I said NO I have hands like Donald Driver!
Thx Keith! Happy #FF! RT : #ff Give us this day our daily breather
My favorite thing about the Miami Heat organization is how they cover every seat in white so it's harder to tell how many people don't go.
So much to thank Him for! If you shouting with me retweet this!
im getting into trouble and dancing with the devil
RT : I've still got two tickets for tonights Union game.Don't want to see them go to waste, but it looks like they might.
RT : Love new #Gingham restaurant in #LaMesa. Great atmosphere, food, drink, and service... As expected
Thank you for the info and your efforts...sincerely appreciate. I'll call ASAP. Thanks again!!!
I may not be the prettiest girl around but I sure am a sight for sore sore eyes .
I played you! For sure
Ack - Our Lady Peace is coming to SF next month. I've moved on from them with my tastes but it sure brings me back.
We will be attending the Franchise Expo South in 4 days! January 14th-16th at the Miami Convention Center, booth #709! Franchise opportunit…
Any other songs worth checking out that are similar to headlines and over ?
Good Monday morning, Twitterverse! I hope a good weekend was had by all.
Deciding whether or not to bring in the whole #SMROI debate into a presentation I'm giving. I think they need to hear it.
I was thinking orange cause that's what color they are but then that'd be wack! I was thinking pink -fave color <3 haha
is up working on #photos from the MBA BBQ.
Dumbfounded by George Zimmerman's freedom at this point. We've been discussing the painfully obvious for too long.
lmao I forgot about that!!! You guys did rock that shit pretty hard lol
I love when rappers name drop designers.
I dont remember getting in the car. But anywase I know im almost home so yay
it is Stay At Home Because You Are Well Day! Today's quote - "It's show business. No show, no business."---Dick Wolf. Happy Hump Day!
Whether or not you think you can, you're right. You determine your destiny.
that was awesome for them to do that
Yess i love talking to you guyz too !! :D #HomeGirlz untill my twitter life is over ! LOL
is at work and counting the days to the National Championship Game! UT vs. Alabama...Thurs at 7pm! Hook Em Horns baby!
I Kick The Niggas Out & Let Tha Money Stay .
i know. how embarrassing. lol.
Hair Tip: For color/relaxed hair, alternate between Hydration Treatments and Protein Treatments
#healthtip: Consider watching a good comedy instead of the news before bedtime and notice how much better you sleep.
and after His death upon the cross all those centuries ago, He (Jesus) rose from death on the first day of the week, conquering sin and....
Stay tuned for our annual benefit program! www.leodys.com
Most people struggle with life balance simply because they haven't paid the price to ascertain what is really important to them.
nope never heard of em, I'm stubborn when it comes to listening to local artist...that's something I gotta work on tho
thank you - hope everyone is safe and doing well
are "made to share"! Melanie is great at sharing. Have a great weekend!
Aw, hugs! BTW, I sent you the completed form a little while ago.:-)
I feel like that doctor wasn't much help. Is their answer to everything 'prescriptions'?
for a minute i thought that was real armpit hair haha
Back in NYC. I managed to get up and out to two auditions today but am really looking forward to sleeping in tomorrow!
Another gorgeous day at the beach. 5 more days til voucher code integration will be done. =)
Damn, drama already.
I like a guy who putt his whole entire family before a female.
“Who of you by worrying can add a single hour to his life?” - Matthew 6:27. God's got us, If God is for us who can be against us?
I meant Sundy*
I'll be home saturday night before easter then i have monday off but i'm going back to school monday night, so not long hbu?!
jay just made Bob knight look stupid
ILovee Your Smile & How You Dance TeAmoo
I want a review if that place! Seen it but never stopped in.
hey bitches! Lol!
My first follow was ! I make my account for her :)
No matter what stress the work day brings...leave it at the door when u get home. Your family deserves the best u..not leftovers <3
' when u coming back '?
There's a cell phone tower by my house with the pole painted brown and fake fir branches
We have a show at The Smiling Moose on the 25Th! Tickets are $8 so be sure to hit us up!
come on down, the weather is perfect for #theplayers ... Making dinner reservations for tomorrow... What's ur pleasure?
Funny Quote: Son, if you really want something in this life, you have to work for it. Now quiet! They're about to announce lottery numbers
lol what i laugh as in support.
haha. Well put. It was great to see you tonight. I can't wait to share the wobble vid with friends.
Do you have a recipe for that?
thanks love, but we miss you and please keep in touch
Oh, that's cool.
Balboa Park Dec Nights Mobl website traffic=30% of all traffic/was up 140% over 2011-(IOS (phone/pad/pod) up 4%+Android up 2%)=99%of traffic
she sings my lipgloss is cool my lipgloss is poppin
All of my friends are either a Directioner, Belieber, or Mahomie.<3
"To beat this Miami Heat team in a series, you have to beat them 4 times." - Reggie Miller.
Hi Gerry, Thank you for following! Have a great week!!
Secret Roast-Pork Recipe Carries $1.8 Million Price - Bloomberg
favorite player to play against?
Entrepreneurship = People People People x 4
"When one man kills another, one of them is dead."
not gay marriage but homosexuality is mentioned numerous times its one in the same.
:( That sucks big time. Is he alright? Is everyone alright?
Aww, I missed a hideous useless trinket of the 8th mascot of my bad baseball team. But it was free, so I'm upset.
Feeling extremely #Salty right now
Dexter's, and the Big 10 jump to mind. Although I doubt either are "fresh". Freshly breaded maybe...
No cheating is bad!
My son's solid hitting continues--he's at .916 AVG for the young season.
Yup, all this is necessary to produce greatness you! Don't despise the process.
Today was a very interesting day!!!
WATCH BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 ,OPEN SUN 12-4PM,FREE VALENTIMES RAFFLE ! CHECK US OUT.WE BUY GOLD,
He's the Christmas Rapist. He rapes on Christmas.
President Barbara Leonard of #The #Links, Inc is opening the ceremony and is we can't find our dignitaries...lol
Putting freshly scrambled eggs in your bed is great b/c it creates a natural, #environmentally friendly warm bed for you to eat those eggs.
yeah. Agreed. It's pretty amazing.
": LeRoy Butler will announce the #Packers second- or third-round pick. NFL using alumni again." This is pretty awesome though
All I need is an ipad3.
Russel Wilson's gonna be proving everybody wrong
Agreed. She is the Paula Abdul of the Academy Awards. Could they not get Rachel Zoe?!
Omg people is so sweet to me (:
My feelings on the Tim Thomas situation? I'm over it.
Yr so funny! Guessing this has somethig to do with this wonderful Spring rain?
One intern candidate even wrote a #haiku: OrangeAid Intern / They tell me it's fun but hard / But I've been ready. ~Elijah
1 more hour and it's wine time with the lovely !!!
My baby mommas momma loves me..
I have seen what a laugh can do. It can transform almost unbearable tears into something bearable, even hopeful. - Bob Hope
that is so awesome, congrats!
Grammmyys i hope in not over dressed.....kinda feel like i look like tinker bell lol
I don't know where mine is, sadly. Those were the days.
Is anyone else out there using Memberfuse for their association's community platform?
Bad weather for #StPete 2morrow means a good day to visit a #museum or #art gallery
Had a great time at UFI. Thanks to the organizers, the venue and the sponsors for a GREAT time!
I've heard ESPN and Disney are quite the slumlords. Best of luck surviving through that hell!
why did you say sad nigga
Thanks to the great people at Printwear for a great show in Dallas last weekend! See you in Indy June 12, 22 & 23
love you too beautiful text me<3
Youngblood, don't be so meeeeaaan.
By popular demand we added #GREEK PASTA to the menu FULL TIME and today its on special for $5 till 4!
RIP Whitney Houston! It's so sad another great artist has left us all too soon. As she sang so beautifully We Will Always Love You!
Don't You Want Me Baby? If you're in the market for PR Solutions....Elton's your answer.
wish I was with you kiddos taking some tequilla shots!
“: Water would taste a lot better if it was vodka.” and Vodka would taste a lot better if it was
Watched Shaun of the Dead at work and won 2nd place in the costume contest. Good day.
couldn't disagree more! :) He was most interesting in context of Anna or when he had multiple women/contexts
Going on the hunt for the EP #HNAF and a couple magazines.
I need one more follower!
Just bought my new website, cant wait to get it up and running :)
?what do you want seen on aaron.tv
HOW ARE YOU
The tech was here and fixed the issue that we had. Thanks for all of the help.
Talked grad assistant through ways to finding local community info for project she's working on. Got her from frustrated to enthused.
PV dinner tryna get tan like us
I was singing that song in my head.."It's so cold in that D" LOL
"Annie" is completely booked! We are starting a waiting list. May add another "Annie" session if we get enough people...
(No, That's Not All There Is.) You do know that was the point of the question? Of course you do. Thanks for the promotion.
lol i was up with my slow ass boyfriend...
9xs/10 women are judged based on her sex appeal and beauty NOT her credentials or her education!
Cosentino: Most common math mistake: ZEROS. Even PhDs in string theories get this wrong
I take advantage of every chance I'm given.
YOU ARE THE BEST PERIOD****
$.55/sf CARPETS YOUR HOME installation only - material IE: carpet & pad Extra
Thank you for the #FF! TGIF!
Pokemon. I'm holding off on the 3DS for now, don't have the money, and there's still games to be played on the DS.
Independent artists have a dream and a perspective to share with you. Listen!
Painful historic factoid: Clinton-Lewinsky scandal broke at start of #Pope JP II's '98 #Cuba trip. Most media returned to Washington.
yup ;D I feel safer that way haha
Hanuman by Rodrigo y Gabriela is like fireworks in my brain.
Having your barber open
From Susie Wargin: Heading out to interview UFC's Dana White.. got any questions for him or Rampage Jackson?
": I just watched your "You & I" cover. I loved it! You're really talented." thanks! :)
No, that's awesome! Good luck! Application is due soon, right?
If laughter is the best medicine, then I overdose daily. ;)
you're welcome :)
feet are so sweaty, hope i dont slip =P ahaha ->KimBeezy<-
Now Thats Paper
Buy a book as a gift, not a e-reader gift card #makeitpersonal Why not buy one from our used bookstore?
I understand publishers want to believe physical books are so great they will stay. But i don't see bookshelves in my future.
Is the Opry Mills mall open yet? Maybe moving back to Nashville and would love to know!
Three things in human life are important: The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. The third is to be kind. - Henry James
"Silence" Is The BEST Payback To Every UNGRATEFUL Person Out There!!
Unsure when someone's service animal is legit or when to grant access? We can help your business and your staff! Contact us
love the Go Mobile TV app for my room TV. Great use of QR.
my summer might have just gotten a lot more interesting...
Don't say I didnt give yu a heads up. If my sister gets cracked its not my fault. She never listens.
is #WifeyMaterial had an amazing weekend :)
Listen to me cunth!
You don't wanna go down with a loaded gun that's just silly. Thanks roommate for the reminder.
Free of an unknown burden. I feel great!
watching #Miss Universe :DD
MN Schools Apply for the MAEF Spotlight Award! Spotlight Excellence in Achievement, Innovation /Technology, & Community! www.maefboard.com
TSOI-NJ got his mits on LCD System tix for Monday.
my wife's making your Cream Cheese Pound Cake right now! We've got 5 minutes left on the timer. Can't wait!
Great United States of Americana show this morning! happy mothers' day!
This new job is kicking my arse!
": The 54th #GRAMMYs going LIVE on the East Coast in 15 min! West Coast, beware of spoilers!" You guys should go live in LA!
Played hooky tonight. It felt amazing.
. Looking real good, my friend! Have a great show! Miss y'all! Tell the guys I said hello! :)
I'd say so haha. U use any energy supps?
thx for the love ystrday. Archaeologists represent!
I'm EGGcited for Easter!!!
Magic Johnson, when did you become so rich?
me neither!!! My husband is ALL about the lyrics…and I NEVER hear them.
Tonight 5-11 The Miami Food Trucks are at Hollywood Young Circle Arts Park. It's going to be a fun night. Eat
Just got approval on a VERY exciting sponsorship for one of our clients!
hi babe
we really should hang out soon! Miss you!
Thank you San Francisco for showing us the love this weekend. It has been an amazing run!
Birthdays then: Wow! Look at all these presents! Birthdays now: Wow! Look at all these notifications!
no… getting caught up
#MyFavoriteText good morning
Hot cocoa after skiing some black runs for the first time makes the hauling worth it. Not doing too bad for an old lady who just had baby.
Man do I hat Alex burrows guy has always been a little buttsavage on a team I absolutely hate with a passion
love olly murs to bits and OMG Ed Sheeran is the love of my life. Whenever he sings, an angel gets its wings loll
We launched Plink a month ago, targeting social gamers and giving them Facebook Credits to dine out.
ok!! Thanks!! Btw, what's your name? :)
Being forced to watch the crazies
same here!
im starting to enjoy airbrushing :)
I teach at 3 different studios. I want you to be interested in Nia, but most I want you to move, there has to be a class you'd like!
what happened. Why u cry
No, you are!
When you hold me I feel safe.
I plead the 5th :P
Im hungry :(
I need a new Twitter bio. Something short and funny. If I like your idea ill use it but I'm going to delete your tweet and take credit
Morning Rockstars! > Life is a pure flame, and we live by an invisible sun within us. - Sir Thomas Brown
when i think of house i think pitbull and afrojack. lmao electro has been doo doo too. :,(
Lots of notes from the pre-locking viewing. OMG Fresh eyes can tell you a lot about your film. Still a lot to do before we hand it off. Wow!
no prob and yup :)
thank you and thank you(: <3 are you in middle school?
